as far as we re asserts all entries have the same size asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
creates a new menu object . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
creates a new tlongarraylist instance with the default capacity . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
vt byref vt r c type double asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
matches a float . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
returns for a given source value and target statement all associated target values and for each the associated 
ask for confirmation to delete files . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new exception with the given detail message and appends the specified reason to the message key 
write a collection of asserts objects . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert source version vo to target version vo . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
if the named condition does not exist then it is created and initialized to false . asserts 
adds a asserts object to this map . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether the specified file name is a legal dos windows file name . spec spec asserts 
get the length of the internal map array . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of newvariableresolver spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
copies raw asset resource to external storage of the device . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the last foo in the ordered set where uuid and companyid . spec spec spec asserts 
part of a layer hack to notify the component listener when the component is hidden . asserts 
constructs a new asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize the params of the pop up window asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates group containers . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
accept the visitor . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
provides serialization support . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a props object for a problem posted event asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts a byte array to a user flag . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
append to the tostring a summary of an object array . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if a uri is a servletcontext resource . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new request . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of a builder with the data of the passed builder . spec spec 
return an enumeration of the nodes or a subset of the nodes in an acyclic graph in topological 
returns true if upon the next time step the contacts must be updated . spec spec spec 
returns a printable representation of the asserts . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes a parser highlight from this view . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resets date to today . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test if the given string starts with the specified prefix ignoring upper lower case . spec spec 
method that will return version information stored in and read from jar that contains this class . 
for this vertex enclosed in a triangle defined by three vertices v v and v interpolate a z 
create a new asserts object which can create curves from the given degree spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new watcher for auto releasing a connection . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reset the parser to the initial state without resetting the underlying reader . spec spec spec asserts 
test whether the given sphere is partly or completely within or outside of the frustum defined by this 
installs listeners into the viewport . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns all the values of a specific measurement for the specified classifier dataset combination . spec spec 
returns true if this operation checks whether given key is present in region . spec spec asserts 
configure a zone . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the data provider for the current page asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
throws a core exception with an error status object built from the given message lower level exception and 
asserts see if dataset d is multi target else only multi label asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether memory cache key image uri for current imageaware is actual asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new simpleuser having the given username and read access to the connections and groups having the 
returns the number of elements in this map . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
marshall a asserts into a document asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
this method is queried from the put and putall methods to check if the eldest member of the 
clones the elementiterator . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
uninstalls defaults from a viewport . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method for setting properties related to instantiating values from json object . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a multimap view of the solrparams . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a list backed by the specified array . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a copy of the context that differs in that it uses the outer receiver as main receiver 
registers a listener that is invoked when a peer is disconnected . spec spec spec spec spec 
convert nautical miles to radians . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
searches the given field node for annotations and returns each one that matches the provided regular expression pattern 
creates new generalexception without detail message . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
skips the current sample . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new winner take all network . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a listener object that is notified about changes in the tag . spec spec spec spec 
load a properties object from a file . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a new callback . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a marshalexception with the specified detail message and vendor specific errorcode . spec spec spec asserts 
collect a list of relative paths . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
copies the specified array truncating or padding with zeros if necessary so the copy has the specified length 
open a group chat asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
put the line separator string onto the print stream . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a xboolean object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asks the camera hardware to begin drawing preview frames to the screen . spec spec spec asserts 
creates a abstractquerybuilder instance that can be used to build api request with various parameters spec asserts 
creates a new asserts that generates xml for a given clientcache . spec spec spec spec spec 
adds the renderer . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tells if this parameter declaration is varargs . asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
constructs a new urlclassloader for the given urls . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
do what needed when the config object related to this replication server is deleted from the server configuration 
update a person face s userdata field . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method will be used to read from file based on number of bytes to be read and 
make the badge non visible in the ui . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is the command currently applicable ? asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
see the general contract of the readboolean method of datainput . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
dump map value into string . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
connecting means has never been active for both incoming and outgoing calls asserts spec spec spec asserts 
unregisters all listeners with data source . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the next node number asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
executes a statement that returns the row id of the last row inserted by the statement . 
routines to print out a test s properties environment . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
request all carrier agents to score their plans . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
build reflect bytecode from accessor list . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
put string to byte asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns the string identifying the given asserts flags spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes this coord d s data to an arraylist for packet transfer . spec spec spec asserts 
save fingerprint to a file asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a container class to handle and sort the gps log records obtained from the digicore data set . 
checks to see if the file should be accepted by this filter . spec spec spec asserts 
register an interface for requests from the parser in case an error occurs . spec spec asserts 
create an instance with custom prefix suffix separator and format for components . spec spec spec spec 
writes the given string to the bytebuffer . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads model from given virtual file . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
invoked when a key has been pressed . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
marshals from a map produced by jsonvalue . asserts to the map expected by the sms . 
indicates whether this specification has the given row and column index . spec spec spec spec spec 
constructs a new exception with null as its detail message . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
proceed to the next available ring color . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether it has the time period description . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
only allows profiles that actually hosting this bucket . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resets the styling of this view and sets it s content to an empty string . asserts 
skilltarget recovered num dp because you used skillname . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts asserts through a paginated iterator . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
this method was generated by mybatis generator . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds security groups to the master node of an existing cluster requires write permission on namespace asserts 
writes a blob page to the current output segment . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
addresses can be long asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an asserts record from the given data . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return a string representation of this ntsidprimarygroupprincipal . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
login to the smtp server by sending the helo command with the client hostname as an argument . 
clears all of the previously set sounds and events . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an instance for the specified graph edge weights and alpha random jump probability parameter . asserts 
sets the playback rate of the mediaplayer to be twice the current playback rate . spec asserts 
create a quoted string configuration element . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
increment the value at position by value . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add the provided fragment to the language model subject to some filtering . spec spec spec asserts 
cleans dtmxrtreefrag objects by removing references to dtm and xpathcontext objects . spec spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new viaheader based on the newly supplied uri and branch values . spec spec asserts 
reads next bit value lsb first asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
builds the block s . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
synchronous asserts service request . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
dom the asserts method is used to initialize the value of interface . spec spec spec asserts 
set bounds with a additional padding for contents . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
overrides . equals . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct an new xml stream writer for the specified file with a default encoding of utf . 
delete video sharing associated with a given contact from history and abort reject any associated ongoing session if 
end an array . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an asserts with no detail message . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new jvm launch request with the specified properties . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates the default continuous distribution instance to use in tests . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
creates a abstractquerybuilder instance that can be used to build api request with various parameters spec asserts 
creates asserts that migrates using specified sql file . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
process a single byte producing an output block if neccessary . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if the specified attribute is assigned i . e . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
enumerate the properties of the target object and add them as additional entries to the query string of 
initialise this double data source with the reader from which a text representation of doubles one per line 
returns the number of edges in this digraph . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
override this method to handle back button press or up from the actionbar . spec spec asserts 
handle deserialization of the singleton . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called by appmenu to report that the app menu visibility has changed . spec spec spec spec 
returns a pretty print representation of the function spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compute linear distance squared from plane to a vector . spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
binds the tracks that must be shown on the table to spec list property spec spec asserts 
backup the context value asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
moves to the next record . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert to com . asserts . jts . geom geometry . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the call is due to an explicit instance invoke statement . spec spec spec 
ensure equivalent method based on equals . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates updates or deletes zero or more pieces of content in the data store . spec spec 
is this diff equivalent to another diff ? asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
create a webview for mac os . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find the fields constant that matches fieldid throwing an exception if it is not found . asserts 
loads all user profiles one by one from disk using datadir as starting point . spec asserts 
check if the provided mask has a specific rights attr value . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write a message with trace level debug to the trace system . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cleans up files . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
add custom commands intended for the channel context menu . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return a reference to the internal collection of ciphersuites . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
flush the current wasphash all the key values will be removed spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
begins canceling a block volume migration . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handle a request to change state by sending cbus events . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the cypher type path spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is a global telephone number . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
decrements the number of cars and or engines that will be dropped off by trains at this location 
generate a random password of the default length . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
unconditionally normalizes the given id currently to lower case asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether two arrays are the same length treating null arrays as length . spec spec asserts 
moves a webappactivity to the back of the queue indicating that the webapp is still in use and 
create the default log flattener . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
enables the given not to have capability . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
subscribe to a resource which has not been added into the api spec spec spec spec asserts 
asserts should be called when user preferences mapping keys to action changed . spec spec spec asserts 
scroll the th given comment asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
process a store instruction asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
does this set contain specified struct ? asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
creates the path in zookeeper creating each node as necessary . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set number of digits to shift the decimal separator to the right coming from the standard btc notation 
initializes variables etc . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
changes the string if bigger then the given limit asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new drag control that invokes an action upon drag events . spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a asserts expr type grammar chunk . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
throw an arrayindexoutofboundsexception if either of the specified coordinates are outside the bounds of this pixel matrix . 
a filter that simply wraps a query . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reverses configuration which was done on the specified component during installui . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ensures that our long can hold at least desiredlongcount bits . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts that the update logs are in sync between the leader and slave . spec spec asserts 
actual publish method for scripting services spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method to handle qnames asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
cancels an ongoing attempt to acquire . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
increases the capacity of the array . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this implementation can t edit the values yet spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a token that represents a decimal number . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a jsonobject from a subset of another jsonobject . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
revoke or deny contact request . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a workflow step in the passed workflow to wait for the vplex distributed volume with the passed 
searches the specified collection for the minimum element . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs the logoutresponse object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a temporary file for testing purposes . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clear all entries that belong to the given index . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
change cifs share . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
case for declension of user name and surname . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the optional bigdecimal value associated with an index . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
loading bitmap from imagesource with specific scale asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new session with the given name . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method is a shorthand form for asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
adds the specified element to this set if it is not already present . spec spec asserts 
send report file to email recipients asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
fires a property change of an integer property with the given name . spec spec spec spec 
adds an instrumentation tap to monitor internal processing . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
tostring methode creates a string representation of the object spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
adds an photo to the user asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
notify unsuccessful completion of the operation asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
template method to be overriden by java plug in . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new thread object . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds value to the key entry in themap or creates a new one if not already there 
generates a random name for the segments . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
busqueda del usuario por nombre . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a asserts with the current color set to color which should be non null . spec 
add a action listener for a specific key stroke spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
maps array of d points from absolute to the image s relative coordinate system and writes the transformed 
creates particle at position xyz asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new dynamic group member list with the provided information . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
commits this edit so it is visible to readers . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new ambience layer with a limited amount of tracks spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
looks onto the char passed and updates current position coordinates . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true iff the given throwable is and asserts otherwise false spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a classnotfoundexception with the specified detail message . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
rta emulate rapid type analysis . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts the image using morphological transformations asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
destruction of the servlet . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
call the children visitors . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reset the progress spinner to default rotation start and end angles . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
read in the root node if it has not yet been read . spec spec spec asserts 
resets the crc . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
spring configured test that uses jndi . spec asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parses the rules from a grammar and returns the resulting asserts root . spec spec spec asserts 
creates a file of the specified size with sequential data . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
number of posts to return maximum . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
queries the database for the existing storage pool object asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a child element with the given name and appends it to the element child node list . 
returns true if asserts can be called without throwing an unsupportedoperationexception . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates and returns a new push button with the given label tooltip and or image . spec 
compares this entry with another cp info object which may reside in a different constant pool . 
converts a time in millis to hours minutes and seconds and put it in the buffer asserts 
train the model with one instance . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
check access on the new superior entry if it exists . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
finds the mnemonic character in a message . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns index of bag containing maximum number of instances . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
cancels the quorum . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
this method is invoked if the bee will leave the hive . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the child array to the correct size . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generate a formatted timestamp for the current time . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
inserts the specified element at the front of this list . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
see the general contract of the readchar method of datainput . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns a url with the hostname and port of the origin server . spec spec spec spec 
toggle the badge visibility in the ui . asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
copy self signed certificates from one key store to another . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
lat lon with a x y offset placement . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new exception with null as its detail message . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds access to a provider based on its authority asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
age a file by the given number of seconds . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
compiles the given script . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
close the panel view by animating it into view . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
for compilation support we need the option of overwriting rather than appending to previous composition . asserts 
calculates the x coordinate of the right edge given the other sides of the rectangle and an aspect 
fills the slots in the template and returns the result . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a libusb exception which outputs the error code and the error message from libusb together with a 
used by tests to simulate sending of data to the sut opening a server connection spec asserts 
import preferences from the specified input stream which is assumed to contain an xml document in the format 
mov high register operation rd rm asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
my test method javadoc spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
debit loan portfolio and credit fund source for a disbursement all debits are turned into credits and vice 
identifier of an item owner community note that community id in the owner id parameter should be negative 
get ft http cap always on option asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
draws the background for the plot . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
print a message to system output if there was a problem initializing the random number generator . 
puts an advanced printer specific option . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write out the list of namespace declarations . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
react to changed selection . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs the time constraint . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handles remove auth instance request . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find closes node to the left of the new point and create a new triangle . asserts 
initialize the view of the listener asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialise the cipher and possibly the initialisation vector iv . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a number of hours to the date . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a list of string chunks derived from a given string . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
allocate a asserts into a code space . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a asserts . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the position to getendindex getendindex if the text is empty and returns the character at that position 
constructs an entry using the globe and vertical exaggeration of a specified draw context . spec asserts 
create a sql reference to the given column asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of this storage scheme test case . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
requirements changed along the major axis . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns string representation of the object . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
draws the result text centered in the specified component . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a parser configuration using the specified symbol table . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sends a html email to the specified user . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
configures the xmlreader before use asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
append the text at the end of the path using a specified encoding . spec spec spec 
get process now . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether this node has an attribute with the given name . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
renders the element in textual representation . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sanity check that we didn t get a realtime non caching searcher spec spec spec spec spec 
constructs a classcastexception with no detail message . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
executes query runnable . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
builds an integer operand . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create the ssl socket connection to the specified host layered over an existing socket . spec asserts 
decode and sample down a bitmap from resources to the requested width and height . spec asserts 
constructs asserts object with a given reason sqlstate vendorcode and cause . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new request with the given method . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
draws as much of the specified image as has already been scaled to fit inside the specified rectangle 
check if there is any connectivity to a wifi network spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new bundle of ciphertext and iv from a string of the format base iv base ciphertext 
package private for testing resets all of the static member variables . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a uniform distribution with min . and max . . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
equivalent to integer . tostring i . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a default instance of the asserts . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
will create children in root based on schema asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
add all values to sum asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
unpacks the compressed character translation table . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
open the outline view for the given input element . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an java model status with no corresponding elements . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a asserts attached to the specified output stream no gui mode spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a scan operator for the given index using left join semantics after the indextype s estadoimpl . 
reads data number of bytes read is determined by data type from the stream to int . 
constructs a new nosuchmechanismexception with the specified detail message and cause . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes the chronology using a dedicated serialized form . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
an end event is received see if this is an event we are listening for spec spec 
this method was generated by mybatis generator . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
make an attributed class instance creation expression . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this function finds the limit value in the operator s properties . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used for registering info types this should have a unique id ! asserts spec spec spec asserts 
verify the blockmirror objects have been migrated correctly . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the determinant of matrix a . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a state spec that is optimized for adding values frequently and occasionally retrieving all the values that 
register packager name mappings . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
reads in a sequence of strings from standard input insertion sorts them and prints them to standard output 
append one encodedstringvalue to another . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
repeat flag . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
true means that the server will load configuration from the configuration files asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the current lexical state . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
custom divider with gap between sections in dpi . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
opens a search page for asserts based on the user s preferred search engine . spec asserts 
creates a thread pool that can schedule commands to run after a given delay or to execute periodically 
mapping to escape the apostrophe character to its xml character entity . spec spec spec spec spec 
factory method to create a random using the supplied asserts . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates this sketch with a long key and u value . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
circularly traverse table of size len . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an asserts for a parent window and specified client . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write a circle in the response . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
clients should invoke this method when they encounter a connectivity failure on a connection returned by this route 
decrements the iterator s index by one and returns the character at the new index . spec 
returns true if the underlying resource has changed . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
de serialization ctor . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
read a raw varint from the stream . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a new case sensitive wildcard filter for an array of wildcards . spec spec spec asserts 
action editor stop editor asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a new mib in the snmp mib handler . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts a candidate to a asserts candidate object asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes all fields . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds this socket to the specified multicast group . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
infer the asserts of the subtype hierarchy . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if there is a relation identified in relation service with given relation id . spec spec 
puts a byte into this byte vector . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new text loads the text s quads into a vao and adds the text to the 
get drop shipment . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
function to synchronize adapter content loading . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
checks if the given plugin is enabled or not asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method applies a patch to a state object . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test that the external parameter entities feature can be disabled . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the bearing in degrees from point to point asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the interpreter that this thread refers to . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parses out a name from an osgi manifest header . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
track the specified file using the provided marker deleting the file when the marker instance is garbage collected 
returns a new array containing a copy of the buffer content . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether it has the rating . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates a stream that is computed from a provided stream following two steps . spec spec spec 
returns the width in the ui of the specified ui component relative to the entire ui width . 
calculate the shadow color face left bottom corner . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an independent copy of this dataset . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculates a load given on two deltas asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a cookie with a specified name and value . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
undo version of command asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new instance of this class given its parent . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
quickly pops a number of items from the stack . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
make new subscription to active smis provider to get indications for monitoring asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates a bit immediate move code sequence . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts the given css length string to pixels asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds an issue to the respective set according to issue severity and logs at the appropriate log level 
expand the window s rectangle to include the new rectangle spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
consume the next character and check that it matches a specified character . spec spec spec spec 
consolidate the assignments made from pre zoned ports with those made by ordinary port assignment . asserts 
walk through omgeometry that may be a asserts of geometries omarealist and asserts the coordinates to make one 
call this if you want to establish collision that was previously disabled by asserts spec . asserts 
checks whether any of the support asserts app is installed . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
proceed and execute wrapped trifunction with it s input params as captured asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this function handles call from js asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
subtract the specified number of droidflakes . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a pixelinterleavedsamplemodel with the specified parameters . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes a line separator . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
creates a pageable object for printing this view . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invokes the delegate s reset method . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
recursively builds a jtree from an object heirarchy . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts byte size into human readable format asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return a list of all currently running services . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cast result object to an xmlstring . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a native in window dialog to the screen . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a multiplexing ui instance if any of the auxiliary lookandfeels supports this ui . spec asserts 
wait for the messenger to know about the given endpoint . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
whether or not the post processor is enabled asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
verify if migration checkpoint information is saved to zk asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs the new asserts instance asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
glsurfaceview has default bit depth buffer spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get class name from a uri asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
calculates the fitness for the rrse root relative squared error type fitness . spec spec spec asserts 
creates an identical copy of the checkout for use in updates . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
move a file or directory . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
the current length . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether this stream if a terminal operation were to be executed would execute in parallel . 
removes a previously added footer view . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
setter for max size for both width and height of bitmap that will be decoded from an input 
creates a health check for a datasource metadata loader . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when user cancels selection of a new directoryroot asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method is called to open authenticationactivity . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sorts the array in place . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
true if a call to next will return an object . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set a listener to be invoked when the negative button of the dialog is pressed . spec 
called by a reader selector when it detects that a channel has pending data for read . 
run all the tests in classes . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invokes the contains method on each ui handled by this object . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts unloads a stream . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the number of new replacements to be made i . e . spec spec spec asserts 
creates a auto generated localization for the given domain object key . spec spec spec spec spec 
creates new d point with given coords spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an observable that emits the connection state changes the googleapiclient spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new reil register object . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
executes a statement that returns a by table with a blob value . spec spec spec spec 
add a switch port to the suppressed lldp list . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
creates a asserts simulation with the given random number seed . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
calculate the probability distribution for p xi mb xi where mb xi is the markov blanket of xi 
returns if the minimum y value was set . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
callback for completion of query execution . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new instance with the given value . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
stars a view . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
off heap write callback . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
changes to the previous window start time . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if a user is authenticated . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the entry point of the test . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance of encryptionmethodtypekeysize asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a list of elements . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the cipher in the specified mode with the given key and iv . spec spec asserts 
renders the screen at each refresh asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
override the parent s method avoid creating a menu bar . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
disable detection of disk reads . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
appends a method to the class . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates that a new pcdata element has been encountered . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
normalize a mime data type . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to retrieve the number of lines . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
registers an asserts on this interpreter . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
close the writer releasing resources if necessary . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
internal routine to handle a timeout spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a new resultsetmetadata object wrapping the properties of the specified java class . spec spec asserts 
auto generated add method for the array for convenience asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates associated with model pom file content spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes a character and a new line then optionally flushes the buffer . spec spec spec asserts 
add adds the provided values to this vector creating a new vector that is then returned . 
brief negated copy of a asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
commits the transaction . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
iterate over all cubes between starty and asserts in this storage in order . spec spec asserts 
returns whether or not bracket matching is enabled . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write a byte to byte array . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parses the json data from the specified reader into list of objects of the specified type . 
generate a random byte array and hash it . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
specified the last by sequence number that has been seen by the consumer . spec spec spec 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
creates a cursor wrapper . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a search builder specific for building virtual array searches . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
check if the subject has terminated normally . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests submitting a query with a configured consistency level . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates a column in the current or insert row . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests if the map is full spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
access a default instance of this class access is synchronized spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to scan effects for asserts asserts spin asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
adds the specified element to this priority queue with the given priority . spec spec spec asserts 
returns the volume or block snapshot instance for the passed uri . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determine whether a feature has been seen enough times to learn a decoding model weight for it 
called whenver the thread is interrupted . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates the controls to display diffs and returns the resulting composite . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called from render if this kmlabstractfeature s visibility is not set to false . asserts spec asserts 
allows subclasses to redefine points returned asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
determines whether a common case is forbidden between two asserts . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find user by name . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes a constraint from the test child definition . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a query to retrieve documents that fully contain the input envelope . spec spec spec asserts 
gets cache affinity key . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
make a new split with the specified asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
override to make two instances with same value equal . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
local version of math . min int int asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates whether or not the factory is configured to produce parsers which validate the xml content during parse 
used for config loader . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
marks the passed in region as not needing to be painted . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new exception with the specified detail message . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clear and initialize a timinglogger object that will log using the specific tag . spec spec spec 
creates xmltree from input stream . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
helper fails if asserts succeeds . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
inserts a boolean value into the mapping of this bundle replacing any existing value for the given key 
gets the state of the flag which indicates if the old windows look and feel should be rendered 
specifies that the indicated rows columns should not be grid like . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
logs the given message and throwable at the error level . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the value of the asserts property . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
make a collection of threads runnable optionally clearing the source collection . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when a component that is needed and not available with an appropriate iterator from the beancontext . 
draws the entity for the given hex . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a printable form of this attribute using rfc syntax for individual attribute value assertions . asserts 
empty out the cache . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
starts chain notification from head to tail . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
process all incoming loconet messages to look for ipl operations . asserts asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
clears all the domain markers . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a private key from it s org . bouncycastle . crypto equivalent . spec spec spec 
this is called when we receive a response code from android market for a restoretransactions request . 
are subqueries in comparison expressions supported ? asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
removes wheel scrolling listener asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of this extended operation config manager . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
are we the same type as other ? asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
flushing this writer has no effect . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write the exceptions table asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a graph which is an edge folded version of h where hyperedges are replaced by k asserts 
creates a new tuplequeryresulthandlerexception wrapping another exception . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
callback from activity life cycle on main thread spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
on touch letter section asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
initializes the current reference using the concrete object asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
rests the boundaries of the shape which is drawn as the rubberband . spec spec spec asserts 
searches the list back to front for the last index of value starting at offset . spec 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
perform a http put request and track the android context which initiated the request . spec asserts 
test for getprivate method assertion returns private key valid private key in this case spec spec spec 
creates a new connection finalizer job . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts this array to a set with each unique element added to the set . spec asserts 
adds a listener for table column model events . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the overall pdf table generator . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs or resumes the current process . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tries to execute given function in loop and ignore errors . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
create an instance with a custom number format for components . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines whether current local host is different from previously cached . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invokes the delegate s skip long method detecting and asserts bom . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
assigns the specified double value to each element of the specified array of doubles . spec asserts 
this method allows you to output debug messages only when debugging is on . spec spec asserts 
log an openflow error message from a switch asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
queries the latest entity associated with the model . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns true if this is limited access . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
display toast for image loading failure . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the plural form of the word if needed by adding an es to its end . 
construct an instance . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string representation of x where x is treated as unsigned . spec spec spec spec 
drag a mouse from a point to another point i . e . spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a inv policy exception with a default minor code of a completion state of completionstatus . completed 
creates a new builder without a username asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add overlapping view and place it into overlapping container asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this constructs an instance from a factory and a notifier . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether the information about the oma content is empty . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the argument is a composing character and false otherwise . spec spec spec asserts 
prints a z in default e format . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
fires message event request listeners . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
unregisters the given id . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns sqrt a b without under overflow . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
closes the connection manager . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether the icon will apply mip map filtering to it s source image . spec asserts 
return the namespace name of the element s type . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determine if we must drop the connection because of the http status code . spec spec spec 
writes all the attributes of this attribute list in the given byte vector . spec spec asserts 
contacts the remote server to verify that the object implements this type . spec spec spec asserts 
returns the appropriate capacity power of two for the specified initial capacity argument . spec spec asserts 
finds the element identifier for the current charge . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
put an int value out to the specified byte array position . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new jump event . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
if a game is being played on any connector and the preference board ignore observed games if playing 
retrieve an icon from a key asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a asserts with a text to display . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests whether checking an empty descriptor for some security roles results in false . spec spec asserts 
returns a number clamped between two other numbers . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
insert a batch of triples into fluo . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove a map . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
presents an asserts for the user to edit the given filter . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates whether the provided dn is within the scope of this plugin . spec spec spec asserts 
main entry point . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the asserts with the execution explain . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
packs the specified column . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
remove a user from all channels in our memory . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find if the entity has a specified status spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create new empty result object with the specified status . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
consumes all the messages in this queue up to and including the passed in message . asserts 
convert a value from dip to pixel . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
traverses the initial xml element wrapper and builds hierarchy asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the doget method of the servlet . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this variant was added in . to allow for efficient access using full structured types not just classes 
instantiates a new column . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invalidates a peer and removes it from the asserts s list of current peers . spec asserts 
creates a new instance of serverparser spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the enabled state of the pan on y axis . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
construct a new exception with the specified detail message and cause . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this implementation is equivalent to the jdk long hashcode because there is no public static hashcode long value 
returns whether this socket is connected to a remote host . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test for callablestatement . setobject unsupported sql types time with timezone timestamp with timezone and ref cursor . 
constructs an empty no parameters attribute exchange extension . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
inserts a mapping in this hashmap from key to value . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
give the host application a chance to handle the key event synchronously . spec spec spec asserts 
add pet to player spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the variables value . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
if this returns true the y axis is inverted . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the database specific sql command to select records from a table asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the world generator modifiers with the given id . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new playlist object asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
amount of bytes still available in a buffer . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
needs to be evaluated before the corresponding data likelihood . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an efficiently asserts sequence that produces the integers between start and end spec spec spec asserts 
removes the specified attribute values from amsdk organization . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
utility to grab a random element from an array of strings . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
fills the specified list with the specified element . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this task was cancelled before it completed normally . spec spec spec spec spec 
convert a animationdrawable for use as a barberpole animation . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
iterate until we extract the real exception from a stack of privilegedactionexceptions . spec spec spec asserts 
indicates whether this exception was thrown during managed object creation or during modification . spec spec asserts 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
end processing of given node asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determine whether a scheme conforms to the rules for a scheme name . spec spec spec asserts 
scales down dimensions in samplesize times . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
asserts that the circuit is closed after the success threshold is met . spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
proceed and execute wrapped trifunction with it s input params as captured asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a partiallyorderedset . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when a drawer has settled in a completely closed state . spec spec spec spec spec 
returns if this search uses field sorting . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method for registering specified class as a subtype so that typename based resolution can link supertypes to subtypes 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
prepare a parser for a script with default bit order lsb use and with defined custom type field 
appends a new padstack withe the input shape from p from layer to p to layer and null 
creates a new asserts object . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the byte stored in this bytebuffer at the current position . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if point is within this segment . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the tip text for this property asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
member pwwn pwwn asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
warning parcel mechanism doesn t work with very large objects . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether the given position is placed just after the item in the first lane of the layout 
constructs a new node for calculating the largest integer value that is less than or equal to a 
manually unregisters the profile from the corresponding sip provider for stop receiving further calls . spec asserts 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
perform the next task . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates whether or not the caret is currently visible . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds another polynomial which can have a different number of coefficients . spec spec spec spec spec 
returns httpentity containing data from requestparams included with request declaration . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if there s another proxy to try . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
checks a parameter list for a specified key and if present attempts to append new elements represeting the 
checks if the encoded image is valid i . e . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string representation of this object . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
note this method is for internal use only . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
contexts bogustyperef returns parameterizedtyperefstructural typerefwithmodifiers returns parameterizedtyperefstructural constraint definedtypingstrategy typingstrategyusesiteoperator declaredtype type typereferencename typeargs typeargument typeargs typeargument ? 
returns one of the points in the farthest pair of points . spec spec spec spec asserts 
creates a callable statement with the specified result set type concurrency and holdability . spec spec spec 
updates a column in the current or insert row . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new requestparams instance and populate it with a single initial key value string param . 
resets this generator . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new extendedgeneralpath object with the specified winding rule and the specified initial capacity to store path 
validate the states recorded . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds port asserts to the xml element . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
makes a new unordered spannearquery with additional asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
custom exception to indicate that a solr core did not load spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a keyboard from the given xml key layout file . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
creates a new multireadsinglewritelockmanager optionally with lock tracking enabled . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates and returns a handle for the given jar file its project being the given project . 
arranges the contents of the block within the given constraints and returns the block size . asserts 
convert source version vo to target version vo . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the status of a spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new value panel . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
max redirects that is allowed per request . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts widget attributes . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compares this point to the specified point . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
close connection to the target jvm . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates longs within the interval specified with an inclusive lower and upper bound . spec spec asserts 
overrides asserts in array and always returns true . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
don t let anyone instantiate this class . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the first n values asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new objectfactory that can be used to create new instances of schema derived classes for package 
inserts element e before non null node succ . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the current audio playback language that is being used for the current dvd content spec asserts 
return true if the underlying resource is resettable . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the specified signed amount of time to the given time field . spec spec spec asserts 
sets the convert document configuration . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the jrmp generator recognizes command line options for selecting the jrmp stub protocol version to generate classes for 
construct a new empty attribute metadata creator . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
registers the data type of a non standard parameter . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an entry built from this template entry . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
repeated calls to nextfloat produce at least two distinct results spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the method calling the necessary methods to update the game graphics and poll for input . asserts 
does list have no elements ? asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
build a context for a request . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the entry corresponding to the specified object . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
format to sip uri asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
checks if session has to be destroyed and to remove it if so . spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts object . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set value from short using normalized index asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
unregisters the mbean for the database if one is registered . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts rgb components of a color to a set of cmyk components . spec spec spec spec 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new asserts object with the specified values . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
if deltay move the content down asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new jdt refactoring descriptor comment . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
make a temporary register and create a move instruction asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
draw a filled rectangle of given half width and half height centered on x y . asserts 
append to the tostring an object value printing the full detail of the object . spec asserts 
creates new form asserts spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an instance of this class . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if gps provider is enabled . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
transition to x over the given animation duration asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
helper method for assert reason . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes an address object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
opens the given file for reading assuming the platform s native encoding for file names . spec 
begins deactivating a network system by id . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
replace node id in endpoint uri to real ip address . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
returns a new random sentence up to asserts words in length . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
counts the number of asserts that overlaps with the spec . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
this method resets the outgoing events . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove the method . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets an estimation of the parameters . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is this a horizontal guide line on the image asserts spec asserts asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
restore changed icons colors and texts from asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a new writable image for running a unit test . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
write a long to the byte array at the given offset . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a new attribute to the list with no importance specified . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an empty builder . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
filter out elements that have a property value equal to provided value . spec spec spec asserts 
serialize actions timestamps and funnel steps . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
uses an internally managed httpclient instance . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the element is native . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
runs processes to do specified task simultaneously and wait until they finish . spec spec spec asserts 
removes the surrounding quote characters from the given string . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a new uri from a base uri and a uri specification string . spec spec asserts 
append a portion of a string to the bytes in iso spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this helper method downloads the body of an http response e . g . spec spec asserts 
return whether or not this certificate is valid on a particular date . spec spec spec asserts 
asserts the selection of the table and select all asserts between the first selected and the last selected 
finds the complete som name contained in the datasets section from a possibly partial name . asserts 
used solely to construct the head element asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
register a after routing request interceptor asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
generates a get field or set field instruction . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
crea una instancia para un grupo invesdoc asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
removes a cache server s status file spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compares two keys in internal converted form to see if they are equal . spec spec asserts 
gets all of the parameter values that are defined as static constants in this class . asserts 
close jdbc connection . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clean all jar files classes and generated documentation . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when the fragment is visible to the user and actively running . spec spec spec spec 
verifies whether the ipv reference i . e . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an exception containing the given message plus the current position and the entire input string . 
retrieve the previous token from the command and store it in m token string . spec asserts 
returns the number of values in this array . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if there is a lease renewal manager associated with this transaction spec spec spec spec 
activate bottomnavigation tablet mode asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
returns an error message . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
paints the specified component . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
draw a bitmap with the result points highlighted instead of the live scanning display . spec spec 
adds the given statistics to the dataset as if the individual values used to compute the statistics had 
check the dependencies of a given operation updatemsg . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the signalhead with the specified name from the panel and from assignment to any turnout positionable point 
get the logger for the heartbeat asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compares the specified object with the receiver . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the last index of the given object . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
obtains the cosine of this angle . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
send request for primary election asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
saves the values of any nested variables that are present in the invoking jsp context so they can 
constructs a new node for defining a function that takes a user defined number of arguments . 
creates a new box and whisker item . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns whether an undo is possible i . e . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
locks this cache instance for thread scope that method was invoked in . spec spec spec asserts 
use the table definition to drop the constraints from the table this is normally done in two steps 
writes a block height object . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
this method should be invoked each time you want to propagate the supervision alive coming from the supervised 
compose a mqttdevice eventid for the sensor . asserts asserts spec asserts asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
only bits of index are used . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get an optional long value associated with a key or zero if there is no such key or 
checks that all the fields in output schema is part of input schema and the fields schema type 
gets if op defaults should be included asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
create a default key usage . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invoked when a processing exception occurs . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
store current server . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the mean mode for a numeric nominal attribute as a floating point value . spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
convert bitset to a string consisting of and in low endian order . spec spec spec asserts 
persist the seekbar s progress value if callchangelistener returns true otherwise set the seekbar s progress to the 
this method gets called when the device responds with the firmware version . spec spec spec asserts 
searches without the need for an extra count query . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new random number generator . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance of the specified java content interface . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates whether the given class is covered by the most recent execution of this sequence . asserts 
interactively prompts the user to press return to continue . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a copy of this time with the millis of second field updated . spec spec asserts 
removes a breakpoint from a breakpoint manager . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct demographic model with default settings asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
factory method that parses a string into a framepath object . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string representation of this edge weighted digraph . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a spacing metric evaluator for the specified problem . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
release all resources of this object . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constucts a wrapper for the given edgelistgraph . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write and read a tree of objects from a stream . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a permission to the allpermissions . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
parse the given java class file and return an object that represents the contained data i . e 
returns the length of the longest string in the collection if the collection is empty . spec 
removes any spaces or tabs from the end of the segment . spec spec spec spec spec 
sets the y coordinate for the component bottom side . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
accept the visitor . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a new instance . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
hunting reward queries asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
adds the transform with the specified transform algorithm uri asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates the fast scroll focus on all the children . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the entry point of the test . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
report generation progress . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string representation of the receiver . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
closes the dialog . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
we want to draw a highlight around the current accessibility focused . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the height of the bst for debugging . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
filter an error event . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
unregister the idling resource asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a dataset containing a single series more can be added tied to the default timezone . 
returns the string representing the object . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the chart is set to start at zero false otherwise spec spec spec asserts 
address book content has changed . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new model that wraps the specified enumeration object . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a new integer into the set asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the hex images from the cache . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cache info from first fmt header asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
produce a jsonarray of jsonobjects from a comma delimited text string using a supplied jsonarray as the source 
debug dump the state of the task . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
determines the minimum latitude of a row in the global tile grid corresponding to a specified grid interval 
update the values in an interpolated column a set of three columns representing a current value along with 
read a byte value . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes media from the input stream . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set this region to the result of performing the op on the specified rect and region . 
check connectivity and inflate connectivity view accordingly asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts two bytes to an integer . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a list of strings in the order of string length . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the current severity is fatal . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns if the validation has any error . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
show the soft keyboard . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize the quadtrees of all available activity types asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
reduce the image to the given number of colors . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds another shard output channel . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get everything in a named graph context . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add mbean attribute definitions for each statistic . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
retrieve the previous token from the command and store it in m token string . spec asserts 
this method is intended to make the userfolder to be visually identical in size and position to its 
ensures that the value ends with suffix . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a asserts object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
finds mapping between a server and volume . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates the date the resource is scheduled to be published next . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method delete all objects from bucketname in groups by elements spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
applies the provided modification to an entry . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test against a vocabulary from the reference impl asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
counts how much elements are living in the cache ignoring if they are dead or alive asserts 
emit the code to push a long value contained in reg onto the expression stack . asserts 
compile a literal number value . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
specifies if the paths should be grouped by tags or stay as is . spec spec asserts 
returns an instance of the version specific spec class . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new option with the specified option number and encodes the specified long as option value . 
stops the underlying asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether this printer more info manufacturer attribute is equivalent to the passed in object . asserts 
get show total . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether odbc core sql grammar is supported . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parses a hyphenation pattern file . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the hash code value for this object . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
process the message as s notification . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to check if the file is raster format . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a new state to the states table with no short name and code spec spec asserts 
creates a realm name using components from the given position . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
shortcut method with criteria asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes a message to the access logger with information about the termination of an existing client connection . 
create a jobpersistenceexception with the given message . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the current time . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a sortclause based on item and order asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
if the upstream is fuseable negotiates the fusion mode transitively and sets the asserts field accordingly . 
returns a string describing this attribute evaluator asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes the byte to the output stream after converting to from base notation . spec spec asserts 
adds a parameterization that s expected to fail to the end of the list spec spec asserts 
clones the current body making deep copies of the contents . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
throws an xmlvalidationexception to indicate that a pcdata element was unexpected . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
stop playing and reset error state asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
fire a text changed event to all registered model listeners . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new component object . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a channelbinding object without any addressing information . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
to get the next smallest value . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
format method for the f conversion character . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cram md has no initial response . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
execute shell commands default return result msg asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
inserir estratigrafia na base de dados asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test loading all words from wiktionary . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an appropriate token restriction for the given agent . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reverse accrual none asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resets the service . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handle the beginning of an xml element . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
tests fix for bug asserts ping causes exception on connection startup . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if the value is less than or equal to the max . spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new xmlsignatureexception with the specified detail message . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the number of elements read from the buffer so far after the last reset . spec 
pattern locationpathpattern pattern locationpathpattern asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
apply the operation to two operands and return the result . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the tests included in this test suite . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a new instance of this test case . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
this method just invokes the test utils method it is here for convenience spec spec spec asserts 
updates data to sign or to verify . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an immutable list containing the given elements in order . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds to this field in a copy of this datetime . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
dock this node into a dock pane . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a new deskeyspec from the first bytes of the specified key data starting at offset . 
to make an https connection over an http proxy send an unencrypted connect request to create the proxy 
handles the dialog step where the user provides a date . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a asserts to proxy for the specified transferable . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
closes a urlconnection . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return a consistent clone of this position . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
iteratively convert contents as necessary to simple model asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize the temp object this will be invoke in asserts startup . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clear this will clear the date picker text . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the current lexical state . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a platform specific stream . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a databuffer that corresponds to this bandedsamplemodel the databuffer s data type number of banks and size 
converts a font from swt to swing . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns all the text in the given file asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
you are not supposed to instantiate this class . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method is called when executing this application from the command line . spec spec spec asserts 
begin appending a new array . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
return all vertices . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
generates sax events for the given comment asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is this badge currently visible in the ui ? asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
converts meters to feet . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a java context type . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
render boolean value if attribute is set to true . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new action object . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
credit status is critical . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prepare a parallel udp task . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
organizes the imports of a compilation unit . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether it has the overall return percentage . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
check if the wheel is currently spinning asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test for tostring method assertion returns non null string spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
this method resets the incoming events time events included . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether the audio track has more data pending that will be played back . spec asserts 
note if option is disable ack option you will not get a ack response and you must use 
merges a set of samples and produces a new sample spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets a fraction that is the negative fraction of this one . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a new inetaddress that is one more than the passed in address . spec spec spec 
checks that the value is an ionint with the given value . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
downloads an image to a the file system asynchronously and calls the onsuccesscallback with the resulting image . 
parses the json data from the specified reader into map of objects of the specified type . 
get the load probe for this cache server asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines whether a given instructions writes to its third operand . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sort the array using the given comparator . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
non atomic write of byte containing available bits asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a method that grabs the component list of the mapbean and renders just the layers from back to 
whether this group is ordering preferences in the order they are added . spec asserts spec asserts 
removes a single instance of the specified element from this queue if it is present whether or not 
basic demonstration of adding a deferred task . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
logs whether a normal priority search request failed . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a convenience function that sanitizes a string of html and reports the names of rejected element and attributes 
asserts back to js asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
load the specified resource bundle use privileged code . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the sorted set cardinality number of elements . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a segment as an exception . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
records another value into the summary information . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
support for java . sql . jdbctype java . sql . sqltype . spec spec spec asserts 
method to clear cookie based on the cookie name passed auth or am cookie spec spec asserts 
returns true if the specified character can be considered markup . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the size of the heap . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
turn a single bytes into two hex character representation . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
whether users want to use flags to represent languages when possible spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns null if the indices taken with respect to the node do not correspond to a valid node 
read a batch of logs that share the same timestamp and return the first subsequent log that has 
resets the selection the panel by selecting all asserts . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an instance of this class with the specified flag and conversion . spec spec spec asserts 
use max priority in thread execution asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
more advanced usage for asserts in alpha asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
has left the legion . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an improper formatting instance with a custom number format for both the numerator and denominator . 
process packets obtained from batch packets required to perform additional analyses and filter unnecessary packets spec asserts 
skillcaster asserts num damage from skillname . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
state check needed by scheduledthreadpoolexecutor to enable running tasks during shutdown . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a certificate exception with the given detail message . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the specified value to the list . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
for a given number of seconds single writer updates the group round robin count sum and avg . 
returns a normalized version of this plane . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
search user defined configs for asserts with the given id spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a deep copy of the receiver uses clone and casts the result . spec spec spec 
parses a string date into a java date object asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
logs a message with java . util . logging . level . fine . spec spec asserts 
creates a new encounter for the given patient . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
clears all of the previously set sounds and events . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
rename a database object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an indexoutofboundsexception with the specified detail message . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
computes the discrete hartley transform dht of each row of this matrix . spec spec spec asserts 
adds a new location with a time to this model s move pattern . spec spec asserts 
get the optional object value associated with an index . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if there are listeners registered to the property with the given name . spec spec 
creates an empty array of the given length . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
register the capabilities . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
switch between expansion and shrinkage asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs a new dataset with the given data . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handle a set map of data attributes with default notification action spec spec spec spec spec spec 
private helper method for primitive asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add the map of tokens to the asserts . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes a pendinginstallshortcutinfo to represent a launcher target . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generate a random string of letters and digits of the given length spec spec spec spec spec 
converts a matrix to a string asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
appends the given id to the given buffer followed by e . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
move a file from one location to another . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether this job k octets supported attribute is equivalent to the passed in object . asserts 
check whether group data is empty or not asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
merges all runs on the stack until only one remains . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
force cookie expiration by sending an expired cookie to the browser . spec spec spec spec asserts 
adds a custom notification to the given transaction builder asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create new instance . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns value of systemproperty com . sun . identity . session . spec . spec spec spec 
cas waitstatus field of a node . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
links new drawable to this view asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
updates the entity configuration . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called before view is dropped . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
builds the final alignment string in the standard alignment format src spec . spec spec spec asserts 
overide the superclass method to allow one or two arguments . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
turns a single method parameter into a string . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convenience method to determine if a step in a workflow is marked to be suspended when it s 
generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert bitmap to byte array asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
comprueba si una asserts de una unidad documental ha sido asserts . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts the specified integer into its binary string representation . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if the trace level is equal or higher than debug . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
actual implementation of clearing the background now that the internal variables for background color have been set . 
complete image and asserts co ordinates asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new exception with the specified detail message . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constuct a new interval from start to end . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a local temporary index to this session . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a chat message either text or geolocation . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
send gps data to emulator . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string representation of this principal . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convenience method invoked by the user to make to the next page in the list if there are 
asserts out the error message from the specified html error page . asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
returns a string representation of this flowlayout object and its values . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests the functionality of the method which allows to set a constraint . spec spec spec asserts 
construct univariate function from multivariate function asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
paints the background of a toggle button . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
arranges the contents of the block within the given constraints and returns the block size . asserts 
prints out the heap sideways . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a new searcher for asserts based hashes . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance and initializes it . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
read tol records in fact does nothing asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
sends an are you there sequence and waits for the result . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generate random number of size n directly into num spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
make a deep copy of a matrix asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new entityreference object . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a zdt test problem with decision variables . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new reader for matsim world files . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create styled document with title asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculate size string for specified file length in bytes . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes all elements from this vector leaving the size zero and the capacity unchanged . spec asserts 
add a color mapping rule to this coloraction . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convenience method that determines if expansion is set . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
send a line to the user . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prints the message and context . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
write a pretty version of the element to the writer . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether the given method parameter types match the expected ones . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
scroll down n lines default line . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
escapes illegal characters in given identifier . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a ctclass object representing the type specified by the given descriptor . spec spec spec spec 
gibt zurueck ob first den folgenden zeichen entspricht gefolgt von leerzeichen und second . spec spec asserts 
indicates whether this group contains any non hidden members . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
receive a new geoloc sharing invitation asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
determine if it is possible to continue matching in a successor basic block . spec spec asserts 
tries to determine get html text for browser view via dynamic snca approach xml attribute show html equals 
creates a new map with the specified initial capacity and load factor . spec spec spec spec 
return product of two polynomials asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
decode a zigzag encoded bit value . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a wrapper on the specified map which synchronizes all access to the map . spec asserts 
compares two remote objects for equality . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
wraps the error message id into a string . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
replaces all parameters with the given parameters . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts a vector . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs a asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
begins deactivating multiple block volumes by their ids . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
returns whether embedded foreign key constraints should have a name . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a sector with the specified latitude and longitude values in degrees . spec spec spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test for tostring spec spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts build a cc of chain order s on dataset d . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gives a string representation of this statement that can be used for debugging . spec spec asserts 
generate bit hash key identifier . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find maximum value in enumeration . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
opens a file manager for the given file . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the state is initialized . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct the thread with input points and target . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
raise an overflow exception for the given number and target class . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
delete sw port from the list of list of attachment points and oldaps . spec spec spec 
write character data . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if taxonlist is a subset of the taxa in this taxa . spec spec asserts 
filters provided query params to one starting with provided string key spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the point is within the view s bounds . spec spec spec spec asserts 
returns the exception to marshal asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
gets the array of children affected by this event . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets asserts context for the grid . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used by sourcetreehandler to wait until the transform completes asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new tomcat agent valve . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
template parameters used for rendering asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
read the contents of a file and return it as a string . spec spec spec spec 
changes will be made to the cart directly as opposed to a copy of the cart provided . 
creates a wrapper that decorates the specified primitive map . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
preconfigured train test setup that also stores the trained classifier . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
clone an object if possible . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates the selection status of the toggle button in regard to the menu selection . spec asserts 
returns a string representations of all cells no alignment considered . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
obtains the next header from this iteration . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes the first document in the posting list . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
dispose of this metadata freeing any resources and unregistering any listeners . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if a person uses a car as passenger . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes a set of attributes for the element . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
given a current delta and an acceptance level and target acceptance level returns a new delta . 
adds the given values to the dataset . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a assignstmt variable rvalue grammar chunk . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds wheel scrolling listener spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
skillcaster started using skillname on you . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new url of the given component parts . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
jjk support kluge in elemforeach . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
constructs an rdn from the given attribute type and value . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check whether the interval bounds bracket a root . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check that google play services apk is installed and up to date . spec spec spec asserts 
set the dst integer rect by rounding this rectangle s coordinates to their nearest integer values . 
removes an attribute from the list . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a bounds outline handle for resizing or transforming a component . spec spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the path specifies a rectangle . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates the designated column with a java . sql . timestamp value . spec spec spec spec 
initialise the unit selector . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convenience method to create xml attributes written by starttag asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
obtiene el contenido en bytes de un documento de la carpeta especificada . spec spec spec asserts 
add an equivalent aggregation function node asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
enable a module for a given tenant . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
appends a text node comment . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
closes this cache . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
success if system caches weren t timed out . asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
displays a save file file chooser sheet . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sends the auth credentials to the server . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an empty imagewriteparam . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
starts all animations added since the last call to this function . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
accept an incoming ptp connection asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
writes non stuffed byte to the underlying output stream . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
encode the data . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
converts from the progress along the curve to a scale . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds data to this task . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove an attribute from the list . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
patch alert method . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
insert braces . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates the dialog with a new operation . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
visits the given type specific ast node . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the current stream position and resets the bit offset to . spec spec spec spec asserts 
creates a deep copy of the given classifier using serialization . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
validates whether a filter expression contains malicious code such as sql injection attempts . spec spec asserts 
check whether current entries are valid asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cancels a currently running statement . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a signalservicedatamessage . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cbus does not have a dispatch function asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new age file filter for files on any one side of a certain cutoff date . 
encodes an array of bytes into an array of quoted printable bit characters . spec spec spec 
constructs a new exception with null as its detail message . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
callback received when a permissions request has been completed . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
this method adds asserts node to asserts arraylist . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
remove apps from an appdisplayfragment . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new screenquad . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
string . upper s receives a string and returns a copy of this string with all lowercase letters 
defines equivalence in terms of asserts . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get sales transaction . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an illegalaccessexception without a detail message . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
moves the cursor down one row from its current position . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a new compatible image with the same width height and transparency as the image specified as a 
returns true if this header contains uncompressed strip . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
inserts a via rule into the board . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the hash code for this texture atlas element s image source . spec spec spec spec 
run just this test . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new object instance based off the provided class name . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sorts the templates . . . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a script entity object form this descriptor asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the byte offset to the bit flags coding the nulls . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get boolean property . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string representation of this object . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
receive notification of the beginning of an element . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a copy of the given item . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
unescapes a string containing entity escapes to a string containing the actual unicode characters corresponding to the escapes 
adds an fxg child node to this node . asserts spec asserts asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
is auto start enabled for this layout . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of contentlanguageparser spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the maximum number of bytes that this cache should use to store its data . asserts 
opens the specified file for writing . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new key . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
action to approve the selected trigger processes . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check that exception is thrown if json definitions file is structured not as expected . spec asserts 
computes a set of curves using the cardinal spline approach but using straight lines for completely horizontal or 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
updates the size and shape of the shade asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parse out a token until any of the given terminators is encountered . spec spec spec asserts 
initialize the helper . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
map this stream to a windowed stream with distinct windows . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
make a collection of threads runnable clearing the source collection . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
main method for testing this class . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs solution details by certificate asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handles a mouse released event by passing it on to the registered handlers . spec spec spec 
generate the random byte to be sent asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts asserts . . . asserts asserts . . . asserts spec . . . sets the output 
conversion from nectar to honey . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns whether it has the directory server . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
checks if the name of the given element matches the requirements to be a default element . 
called when the fragment s activity has been created and this fragment s view hierarchy instantiated . 
creates a new permission set which contains no granted permissions . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
there are several things to do check liveness check liveness properties on the partial state graph . 
construct a role reply vendor data with the specified role value . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
pads the given string to the left with spaces to ensure that it s at least totalchars long 
creates a asserts using the settings in this builder . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct demographic model with default settings asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the root element of this schema asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
declare the output schema for all the streams of this topology . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true since this imageoutputstream caches data in order to allow seeking backwards . spec spec asserts 
returns the input state of the socket asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns sha hash string of given byte array and it s length . spec spec spec spec 
rounds a double value to a number of decimal places . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
draws the domain markers if any for an axis and layer . spec spec spec spec spec 
is the string s a legal name for a java class or interface ? spec spec asserts 
return a wildcard object that has the given asserts set . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
reduces the elements using provided associative accumulation function . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
check if session should be auto accepted depending on settings and roaming conditions this method should only be 
closes the zipfile . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
description of the method spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cancels currently playing audio asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
called when a complete whitespace run has been scanned . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
validates that the asserts is defined in the connector configuration spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an instance of the adapter factory . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
detects media type of the given resource by using apache asserts . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
closes the stream . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates new form asserts spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes out a start tag for the lt font gt tag . spec spec spec spec asserts 
get the amount of cursors in this collection . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
performs any initialization for this tag that may be needed while parsing a template definition . asserts 
this change a map to be serializable by removing all entries with values that are not serializable . 
scroll the screen down one line . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prepare to iterate through the given sam records skipping non primary alignments . spec spec spec asserts 
construct wish list to show for current user . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create the asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a asserts with the specified default minimum and maximum values . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
appends a package . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
decrease the value by one . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a asserts object to monitor the local jvm . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new entry from the specified symbol and next entry reference . spec spec spec asserts 
remove the agent from the simulation . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
factory method for creating the asserts engine . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the tip text for this property asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new authenticator . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs the paosrequest object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines whether the error is related to server asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
asserts the end of the updating . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates new asserts instances out of the properties of an entity . spec spec spec spec spec 
extract password if present from the given imageurl string asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a block id for the specified filename and block number . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
marks this basic block as belonging to the given subroutine . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns the name of the goal that generates this method . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if the given typereference node is likely to be a reference to the provided class . 
checks the planet class to make sure asserts works . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new node for calculating the smallest integer value that is greater than or equal to a 
return the hash code for this loader . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a cell that can contain anything spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
accumulate a list of entities asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set whether or not master balls can be used asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
verifies if a bookmark node given by its id exists in the bookmark model . spec asserts 
combine bytes high byte and low byte to one whole byte spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
raw send method for replies asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tries to clone and just color filter the drawable . spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
returns the size of the temporarily marked as ignored unassigned shards spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
contexts tstructmember returns tstructfield tstructfield returns tstructfield constraint name identifiername typeref typeref ? spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new poolingbytearrayoutputstream with a default size . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
converts hex values from strings to byte array asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
decode a varint encoded signed long value asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the schema of the projection which is taken from the field list . spec spec asserts 
for every handler mark the blocks in its try block as its predecessors . spec spec asserts 
adapt the parameter offsets to any modification of the replacement string done by apply . spec asserts 
is this a critical command that can only be executed when no other command is running ? 
compare for equality . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
correctness test for the gl dfr model . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is the provided block a flower ? asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
gets the value of the asserts property . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
installs the schema handler on the reader . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
serializes this dragsource . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
parses a truetype font from a byte buffer asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
flag to indicate that partial returns are valid . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a clone of this instance . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
installs remote candidates in asserts . . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the specified key and its associated value from this symbol table if the key is in this 
constructs an asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set the image of an imageview . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a listener interested in the progress of the upload for a concrete file . spec spec 
construct a graph from vertices and edge stored in arrays spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
you are not supposed to instantiate this class . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a view according to the type asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
precise newinstance make newinstance only allocate objects of dynamic classes . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of pdfexception . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a marker to this log with the specified name . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
bind the given message s substitution locations with the given string values . spec spec spec asserts 
on item click listener to override asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set this to false if you don t want the shadow on top of the sticky footer 
check if the user can send a message in this room spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes an object from the queue . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
should not change the result if group by is used . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
stops the timer at shutdown . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
read an unsigned bit value asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
stop the thread . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicate that the given tenant has finished a read disk cache operation asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes a batch of instances . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
syncs now for the current account . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convenience method checks if contents has expectation marked with fixme marker spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new counter hierarchy tree and return the root spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
append an event line . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
true iff the internal buffers are full . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
update scope id request attribute based on either cookie or url query param information received in the request 
c tor used in asserts pour we don t have node information asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a new logger at runtime . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
writes the data for this segment to the stream in valid jpeg format . asserts spec asserts 
issue a quorum update request to all nodes method will wait until all requests return successful responses 
create a default binary search tree asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
assembles a asserts metadata object . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the set of objects pointed to by variable l . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
write an enum field including tag to the stream . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
flushes the stream . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads the value for a given descriptor from the associated remote device . spec spec spec asserts 
create idm accessor with an instance of the idm client spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns list of indices that should be restored from snapshot spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method is new in the dom l for attr interface . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create and show a simple notification containing the received gcm message . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is invoked when static fields of the base level class are modified and the runtime system intercepts it 
returns an immutable multimap containing the given entries in order . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the contents of a uri as a byte . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
filter to pause api calls . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resolve an identifier . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns the area under precision recall curve auprc for those predictions that have been collected in the evaluateclassifier 
determine if we ve iterated to the end of our aero turn markers . spec spec asserts 
write listing entry . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts instance for a file array setting with the specified key and default value . 
bind the double click strategy provider . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
indicates if this cursor points to any of the specified character in the specified character sequence . 
constructs a new exception with the specified detail message cause and bean for jax ws exception serialization . 
draw text with an asserts background . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the current lexical state . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the read and write method handlers as string asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
flash off exposure min wb auto scene night pic large geo off asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
formats the given text as a xml cdata element . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
sort the list of subtypes asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
increase the progress bar s progress by the specified amount . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a part of the cut sub hyperplane known to touch an inside cell . spec asserts 
action method for criteria screen asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gcd the first number is zero asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create config without algorithm useful for a programmatic perf test . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
replaces branches that have constant conditions with gotos asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
creates a hash meta data . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests the functionality of the spec method . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts object . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
load exp int b . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
tests whether any component of the test geometry intersects the interior of the target geometry . spec 
erase the block for reuse asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
validates the content of the email addresses input field checking whether the e mails have a correct syntax 
constructs a new asserts finder asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
divide rounding mode is round half even result is positive distance asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
removes all stop facilities not used by a transit route . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the asserts with millis as start time . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the string identifying the given cujit asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
print a script stack trace asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns true if counters created from this config will reset on each sample spec spec spec asserts 
mark the file as empty . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a file extension to this file filter . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
non blocking convenience method to cancel a job in background thread . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
jumps to a search result of the given index . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parse an input stream . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the specified component from our knowledge . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
determines whether the entered image base is different from the image base stored in the model . 
int convert to buff big endian asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
update and synchronize the process state . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
dump the break reason and offset spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cleanups after each tests . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this utility class cannot be instantiated asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
clone everything except the type values locations elevations . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
maps a collection of resources by their ids . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
checks that content string is valid string value . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test date escape sequences with additional whitespace characters asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
allows a parser to add parser specific features to be recognized and managed by the parser configuration . 
read a char value from keyboard input . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the length of the itable asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
abort the ongoing metadata transaction logging the error cause asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
table to work with . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
fails if the iterator has a next element . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
print a float to standard output and flush standard output . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
splits the given string for each space that is found . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a and b matrices and stores result in result matrix result a b asserts spec asserts 
setter method for the icon asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
inserts the specified element into this delay queue . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
serialize the given java object into json string . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new query object that targets a feed . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
estimates the length of a formatted header element . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
not yet commented . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the retention policy for this annotation type . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes this directed edge from its containing graph . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method to initialize hardware clock at start up note this method is always called at start up after 
creates a backslash escaped string joining all the items . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new httpclient object . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct an exception explaining why a whois request has failed . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new jaxrs archive with any type storage engine as backing . spec spec spec spec 
creates a text object with xy placement . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method for setting value of a field to specified numeric value . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return if resource is empty means is directory and has no children or a empty file if not 
create a primary key index . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
read a serialized object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sends the result or a constants . error code canceled error if a result isn t present . 
initializes a default experiment . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts players who are within the restricted zone . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return whether or not the set of non null parameters is empty . spec spec spec spec 
correct the m parameter of the asserts distribution so that the mean is unchanged . spec spec 
traditionally unix systems have one file per time zone . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
remove the specified sensor from this sensor selection model . spec asserts asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
cumulative density function of the offset distribution spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
value used instead of the field value for documents that don t have that field defined . 
manual creation of chat message . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether two filenames are equal exactly . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new poolingbytearrayoutputstream with a default size . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculate interpolated bounds based on the initial and final bounds and the state of progress . asserts 
sets the error state of the stream to false . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculate the output values for this point in the shading object . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return a string version of this object asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert a field value to something suitable to be stored in the database . spec spec asserts 
to simulate updating the inventory by calling some external system which takes a bit of time asserts 
searches for static groups in this organization using wildcards . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a fileimageoutputstream that will write to a given randomaccessfile . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
skips n bytes of input from this input stream . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write r . java asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
back up the current cursor by one char assumes current . cursor and that the char to be 
fills the specified range in the array with the specified element . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new exception instance and initializes it with default values . spec spec spec spec spec 
recycles the asserts popup . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
trims the number of options per suggest text term to the requested size . spec spec spec 
add a server uri to the persisted file asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a coloratom that overrides the colors of the given coloratom if the given colors are not null 
returns whether items should be disabled depending on the app s settings or not . spec asserts 
the operation to perform when this action is triggered . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
filter an end namespace prefix mapping event . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
edits a method call overridable . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads the java asserts property list from a file and adds the read properties as system properties . 
shows the dialog centered on the main gui and requests the latest news if the request delay has 
a null object is equal to the null value and to itself . spec spec spec asserts 
initialization of the servlet . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
select all of the triggers in a given state . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize variables to correspond with cas type and features asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method that determines which way the angle between the three points spec . spec spec spec asserts 
merge series of adjacent stream entries with equal keys combining the corresponding values using the provided function . 
release of this slholder resource asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
advances lexer if current token is of expected type does nothing otherwise . spec spec spec asserts 
replaces the last parameter type with the array component type of it . spec spec spec spec 
creates a new table . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set the distributedlog client used for multi stream writer . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
given a string and a start index returns the next index where there is a non alpha non 
create this object with the appropriate identifier . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
send a opening message to the subscriber . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
an animation with a single image equivalent to a static image . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a quest checking portal asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a list of structural property descriptors for this node type . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
go to the specified file location . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when the system is about to start resuming a previous activity . spec spec spec asserts 
set the overall size for the progress spinner . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reset the stack to a start position . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create asserts objects and fills the fields with the corresponding data from the po . spec spec 
writes string ends current line indents in . asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
this method downloads a remote file from the server to a local file . spec spec asserts 
constructs a new instance of compositeoutputstream with zero or more outputstreams . spec spec spec spec spec 
creates a localized message for this exception . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the encapsulated instances contain just header information spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this read method wll read the xml element list from the provided node and deserialize its children as 
returns the uri equivalent to this url . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
append an element to the asserts list . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance of the specified java content interface . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create exit page log off . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new defaultactivitymodel . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the contents of a urlconnection as a byte . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the length of the argument usually it is the number of elements it contains . spec 
draws the legend form at the given position with the color at the given index . spec 
creates a new asserts . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ensures that an object reference passed as a parameter to the calling method is not null . 
removes the indicated index . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the thumbnail image associated with the specified medianode . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates the redirect from saml auth module to idp as get . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
supports running test in two standalone vms for debugging purposes . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
registration of notification callbacks asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
open this input stream on the underlying stream is . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert a asserts value into an asserts object . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines the number of consecutive characters that are encodable using numeric compaction . spec spec spec spec 
reads the next token from this input stream parses it as a long and returns the long . 
returns the ascii values of a byte array . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
populates the combo with available versions of sdk . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
delete translation for po asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
verify that the stdout and stderr contents of output buffer does not contain the string spec asserts 
adds a value to the set . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create map with enough capacity to hold asserts terms asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
devuelve true si el asserts se recupera asserts como valor y false si se recupera spec la cadena 
returns the larger of two integers asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an input based on the sentence . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
read a value from the stream . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new sequenceresource as the logical concatenation of the given resources . spec spec spec asserts 
read entire reader content and writes it to writer then closes reader and flushed output . asserts 
asserts needs base point against which all other points are evaluated . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a button with no set text or icon . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
constructs an instance with the incomplete annotation type and the name of the element that s missing . 
constructs a new bridge for the lt mask element . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a sqlsyntaxerrorexception object with a given cause . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the cost of inlining this statement asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resets the scanner to read from a new input stream . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether it has the year to date return percentage . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the request builder for this search asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
evaluate ifne with the parameters a b c d such that if a ! b then c else 
returns true if the element is public . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the width of the given characters in this font instance spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the entry point of the test . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
recupera un area desde la lista de areas asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the e is a valid keyevent to use in processing the key bindings associated with 
possibly null object field . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the ordering priority of the next collation element in the text . spec spec spec spec 
create a new instance . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add watcher into angular variable global scope asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
stop the message processor . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a boolean indicating whether this file can be found on the underlying file system . spec 
hide footer when disable pull load more asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates a publickey instance from a string containing the base encoded public key . spec spec spec 
do not unlink this lob value at commit any longer . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an instance of the given native interface and returns it for user callbacks . spec spec 
x . f y . f asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
copy a file on the local filesystem asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an org . xml . sax . xmlreader object using the supplied name . spec asserts 
community id if the album is owned by a community . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
offset needed to return a specific subset of voters . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
break the next token into an object with some addition semantic functionality to interpret eof and parenthesis . 
subscribe to a returned fallback publisher when an error matching the given type occurs . spec asserts 
shut down chess engine process . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get a description of the attribute selection asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
refreshes asynchronously the cached view of the project s contents . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
changes the thread that is checked for in asserts . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method checks to see if a line from a to b is affected by any ecm field 
converts the timeseries into string using given cuts intervals . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a collection of the types with a deleted field spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
creates a asserts component with the passed substitutions asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the contents of an inputstream as a list of strings one entry per line using the specified 
asserts the pieces on all of the squares . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a function which asserts all html tags of a nominal value . spec spec spec asserts 
free up any references to possibly large data . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts invoke a static method that returns a char value spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
send the loaded board to the peer . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
evaluate parameter raised to the th power . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new awtterminal component using custom settings and a custom scroll controller . spec spec asserts 
max inlinee size . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the tcp nodelay option . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
this is a default null implementation which must be overridden in an adapter specific subclass . spec 
returns a new vector d that is this vector d multiplied by a scalar . spec asserts 
destroys the stats object closes the stats file and releases any system resources . spec spec asserts 
removes all elements from this map leaving it empty . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method was generated by mybatis generator . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
writes a single integer to the outputstream and increments the number of bytes written by one . 
implement the parcelable interface asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
use the serviceloader mechanism to load the default rowsetfactory asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes a listener from the list that s notified each time a change to the data model occurs 
describes the rule . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check to see if a proposed password update parameter satisfies vipr s password content rules the authenticated caller 
prepare the recoverpoint only volumes and associated consistency group data . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
test for getprimeexponentp method assertion returns prime exponent p spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
adds a label to the label list of the storage data . spec spec spec spec asserts 
create binary type proxy . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
changes the connection status of the client asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
queues the next set of messages and returns them if the end of the chat was already reached 
log a debug message . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a dht key . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
are null values sorted at the end regardless of sort order ? asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handles incoming response message . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
moves the iterator to the next segment of the path forwards along the primary direction of traversal as 
create role definition . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
given a cell coordinate and span return the point that represents the center of the regio asserts 
get and set the language version . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new request . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a slices map from a collection of slices and handles disambiguation if multiple collections are being queried 
prints a substring . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
ends the current basic block . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
searches the string builder to find the first reference to the specified char . spec spec asserts 
validate that the from date is not after the to date . spec spec spec spec asserts 
revokes users membership . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
normal shutdown request blocks until all the stages have finished by seeing the poison pill . asserts 
if type parameter list is non empty print it enclosed in brackets . spec spec spec asserts 
returns the cloned encoded image if the parameter received is not null null otherwise . spec spec 
constructs a new exception with the specified detail message cause and bean for jax ws exception serialization . 
populate dialog using wkt string . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string representation of the card collection . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns the estimated number of bytes used to encode the contained information . spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string representation of the status suitable for debugging purposes only . spec spec spec spec 
write a byte array to persistent storage which persists thru factory reset asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method returns the mathematical signal associated to an option type . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this is an undocumented private native method it returns the first without caller method s package . 
close the view if it s showing or don t show it if it isn t showing yet 
returns an array of samples of a pixel translated with the lookup table . spec spec spec 
ignore type conflicts that are probably due to other bugs . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
restores the window size position and state if possible . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
copies the the given sourcefile to destfile overwriting it in case it exists . spec spec asserts 
creates the info layout which contains all the scanned data views and allows for correction . asserts 
compute cost of pending phrases . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
property change listener for asserts . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an asserts with given access information . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance from a string . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the given data table . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the child elements of two elements differ . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
stops the stream . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write byte b int off int len asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
write entry properties . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
assert that the upstream was not a fuseable source . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes a theme refresh listener . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tries to read the cover art from the audio file and sets it as cover art . 
returns true if the a primary is known . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates whether this tile s cartesian extent intersects a specified frustum . asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
listener which fires when a partition is added . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
registers a listener with policy service to recieve notifications on policy changes asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write a text in the response . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
don t let anyone instantiate this class . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this is an internal method requires initialise to be called first . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a xa connection asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
uses jackson object mappers to convert a pojo into its asserts representation . spec spec spec asserts 
asserts reference to compiledmethod so that we can reclaim code space . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cancels updating a row . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new hash map . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
synthesize a new edge and add it to the result . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
launches the transformer test . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
moves this cursor forward until it points to a character different from any of the character in the 
constructs a dss dsa algorithm id from numeric parameters . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new ldap message with the provided message id and protocol op but no controls . 
updates an instance given a json object with user attributes spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
equivalent to assert false asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
guesses the best firing plan under a certain heat no asserts is done spec spec spec asserts 
executes asserts entry processor on a given entry updates entry and returns result . spec spec spec 
allow to use application resources . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this function represents the block of code in the original fortran program that comes after line . 
visit a function . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
send a http request . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
used to determine the value of the is asserts flag . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a skein engine . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
lists all active addresses in the wallet . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
applies asserts to asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
prints an initial warning to system . err . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a service loader using the current thread s context class loader . spec spec spec asserts 
prepares the proxy servers to try . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test that key reference key and key key to be tested are equivalent spec spec spec spec 
construct a bean with standard converters registered asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to close the menu drawer asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
wrap a key . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
marks the end of a set of data spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs new rectangular bounding shape with given width and height . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
registers the device with gcm if necessary and then navigates to the mainactivity . spec spec asserts 
creates a lowered etched border with default colors highlight is derived from the component and shadow is a 
checks to see if the specified permission is implied by the collection of permission objects held in this 
update records with this example asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when the user presses esc or tries to close the main game window . spec asserts 
create a new normalizer filter with the specified normalizer asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates new asserts with given server reference event and lease ids expiration time and client constraints . 
this method builds a patch state object which can be used to submit a self patch . 
format integer with iw . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new annotation model event for the given model . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
should not change the result if order by is used . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a color scheme that either has all color values set to a default value or set to 
finds the public boolean equals object o method . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
create the list of positions that describe the arrow . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
are there any ambiguous addresses short vs long on this system ? asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clear the current view map using the faces context . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
call this static method to create an instance of this fragment . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
field type asserts for all classes asserts classes should contains mapping method spec as public static spec method 
is a an ancestor of b ? asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
does the dataflavor represent a serialized object ? asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets openidm . auth . asserts if client auth is required . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new ui object for the given component . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new set xxx prop sub command for an optional relation . spec spec spec asserts 
adds entry address to lru queue . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
center based on highlight view . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
allows a codename one application to minimize without forcing it to the front whenever a new dialog is 
you cannot trade as the target already has the limited possession item . spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new copier using the passed in unsafe instance spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to build and show a notification when asserts is sent into the background spec spec asserts 
returns whether the stream is closed . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
elimina un conjunto de listas de acceso del sistema asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
associates the specified value with the specified key in this map . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
process an attribute string of type t cdata into a string value . spec spec spec asserts 
see the general contract of the skipbytes method of datainput . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
enable set buttons and set id asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
creates a new meta data . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
apply uri prefix and suffix configuration option to a uri source string . spec spec spec asserts 
creates a list of asserts from a asserts of a network . spec spec spec spec spec 
stores the given statistics . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add the picture to the photo gallery . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
shortcut for path path greater value . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
asserts is explicitly declared here so as not to create an extra dependency on java . util . 
helper method to create a note synchronously in a linked notebook . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the next node in the iteration . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set the base path for the topology asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculate the right color for each point in the point cloud . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compares two strings returning true if they are equal . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the attribute qualifier is used to declare variables that are passed to a vertex shader from opengl on 
pattern not operator and filter in combination equivalent to the not tag myevent vol syntax . asserts 
creates a new asserts that will use the supplied valuefactory to create objects for resources bnodes literals and 
overridden for performance reasons . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
configure connectemc smtp email transport related properties asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a no authentication socks server . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the number s double value . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks that this field node is compatible with the given asm api version . spec spec asserts 
implement the parcelable interface asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create new notification event with given byte buffer spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resets the stream to the beginning asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return an empty cap i . e . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
do not call this unless you obtained this via asserts . obtain . spec spec spec asserts 
notify all search listeners of fitness evaluation asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates longs within the interval specified with an inclusive lower bound and exclusive upper bound . asserts 
returns time when snapshot started asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
bind an object to this session using the specified name . asserts asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a new cancel extended request using the provided message id . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
puts the entry with the specified key into the cache . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
searches for dynamic groups in this organization using wildcards . spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
validate the service state for coherence . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
close idle connections . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
if two basic graph patterns have the same subject and can be run on the same member we 
returns true iff a key of the given name exists in the format . spec spec asserts 
tests task from folder asserts . gar . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct new textcomponent as copy of given one . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if the two connections can be dragged to connect to each other . spec spec asserts 
determines if the access token is expired . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the trigger time of a delayed action . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
checks whether an object is present in the array or whether it is equal to any of the 
authentication for every request triggered by every http request except the authentication asserts spec spec spec asserts 
process the ack request . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
run exception through an asserts chain . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
instantiates a new jk privilige . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the maximum of three float values . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an generalexception with the specified detail message list and nested exception . spec spec spec asserts 
calculates the distance of the vector to the given sphere in the specified direction . spec asserts 
adds a new applied region to the match without a priority . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
const used only for snapshots called from cachemanager . asserts context spec . spec spec spec asserts 
defines the path to the codenvy json file location asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates whether map has any entries . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
pushes the specified amount of characters back into the input stream . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts this object into an aws equivalent object . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the storage system with the passed id from the database . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a new period plus the specified number of seconds added . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns description of the asserts classifier . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks to see if the passed in character is the defined quotation character . spec spec spec 
stores a float value . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
determines if the given string contains only the characters in this bit set . spec spec spec 
not null test . spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
save the shared library in the given temporary directory . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a new box to the model . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convertes pixels to sp asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
adds swatches to table in a serpentine format . asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
puts the operation in the asserts so it can dispatch d to a device controller spec asserts 
generate wrapper classes for event handling . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
in a moment skilltarget s flight time will decrease because you used skillname . spec spec asserts 
converts safely an object to a string . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if the new acl rule matches an existing rule . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
description of the method spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write the preferences to the specified outputstream using the preference list syntax . spec spec spec asserts 
associates the specified value with the specified key in this map . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
will set a custom linearlayout manager that enables wrap content in the recyclerview spec spec spec asserts 
inserts the given instructions after the specified instruction . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
simulate all assertions in the spec . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
description of the method spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a plugin . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an instance of the factory . spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a abstractquerybuilder instance that can be used to build api request with various parameters spec asserts 
remove header from all requests this client makes before sending . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
normalizes the vectors in this model asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sends commit to the server . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
scans lookaheads expected in a given state for a terminal symbol . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a modeless dialog without a title with the specified frame as its owner . spec spec 
get an array of valid baud rates . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if current buffer part contains given position . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a new instance of this test case . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
encrypt decrypt a single byte returning the result . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
submits an operation to be processed by one of the worker threads associated with this work queue . 
converts a proxy object to an object that is writable to an object stream . spec asserts 
do not instantiate this class . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asynchronously save the db on disk . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
convenience method for reading a binary file and base encoding it . spec spec spec spec asserts 
iterate over the specified collection applying a specific function to each element to calculate a key and add 
prevent configuration framework to log on the console . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
if the specified key is not already associated with a value associates it with the given value and 
add key without value to a cache list per language so it can be displayed on the asserts 
creates an invisible component that s always the specified size . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this is the code which does all the work not implemented in lgpl version spec spec asserts 
create a parser for a header . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check that the result set of a query is exactly this value . spec spec spec asserts 
handler for exception events from the registry . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
weirdly java doesn t seem to have arrays . shuffle this terrible hack does that . asserts 
use a jobkey with the given name and group to identify the jobdetail . spec spec asserts 
click handler for the loop button asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a fresh xml structure asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
increase or decrease the length of a byte array . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if an arrowpoint is allowed by background knowledge . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the value of the asserts property . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
verifies logout request signature received from the remote end . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
notify all batch association rules listeners of a rules event . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
formats the given number into one where thousands are separated by a space . spec spec spec 
processes an element by calling e . accept this p this method may be overridden by subclasses . 
is the answer to the query unknown ? asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
convert the argument to int number . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
processes the provided ldap message as a delete request . spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
return the order of the constant asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a sampleset by reading it from the given byte buffer spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
records that the send part of the ping has completed spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
removes permissions of userid related to the particular instanceid of specified domainid asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this is a simple auxiliary visit method for the asserts method used to find the closure of a 
builds a new asserts using the provided service name and the held admin token . spec asserts 
set the order to ascending . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new frame with the given size . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a uiresource border object which wraps an existing border instance . spec spec spec spec spec 
returns true if the timer spec multiple pending action events . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
some key wrap algorithms make use of the key checksum defined in cms cms algorithms . spec 
converts a server asserts to a server asserts . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
notifies listeners about starting scrolling asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the reftype is known to match return the eventrequest . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of structbag spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
receives notification of a change to the plot s dataset . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cancels all queued audio . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes the object using a dedicated serialized form . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a clone where the zero weighted attributes are not delivered . spec spec spec spec asserts 
abstract protected helper method to read subclass entity data from nbt . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
helper to load controller connection messages into a switch for testing . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
read a bunch of certs from files and create a certpath from them . spec spec asserts 
put or replace a double value . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
action when updating the room topic . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
increments the primitive value mapped to key by spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set action text based on number of selected neurons . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
utility function that tells if the passed in volume is a back end volume of a protected vplex 
this determines if this address is a wildcard address . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tokenize the supplied string and return all tokens in list instance allows duplication . spec spec asserts 
adds a single handler to existing collection . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find inner scope . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
fired when a request returns successfully override to handle in your own code spec spec spec asserts 
get read only . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tries to select the given connection and returns true if successful . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
process the bye request . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether or not there exists a purchase of the given product . spec spec spec spec 
instantiates a new jk xml exception . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prints the version string asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
with this body . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the next value skewed by the zipfian distribution . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
like castnonnull but whereas that method only checks and casts the reference itself this traverses all levels of 
returns the cumulative distribution function . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a form data part to the body . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the contents of an inputstream as a list of strings one entry per line using the default 
parse and return a structure for a tel url . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove a node and its entire subtree rooted at the node from the tree . spec asserts 
creates a new parser with custom flags used to enable disable certain features . spec spec asserts 
tests the freq asserts order asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes all connection callbacks . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
detached a persistent disk to specified vm . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs a new entry from the specified keyvalue . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the number of elements in this queue . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invokes the delegate s write char method . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if field corresponding to fieldid is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise 
creates a new connection pool managed by route . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
send a sequence of insteon messages to an adapter . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
send a notification via the asserts when a download is complete . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
registers all the created aggregators top level aggregators for the search execution context . spec spec asserts 
webview can go back . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new download queue the default thread pool size is . spec spec spec spec spec 
index the content of the given source folder . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
frees the object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
call position change event on all registered listeners . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test datasource support . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes a natural number in delta coding . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new writing sequence with the given sequence id . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns result or throws exception for completed task . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
override the gisfeature value . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
asserts a buried for you . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
performs a deep copy on other . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
shows if encryption will be used when connecting to the asserts spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs and throws a wrongnumberargexception with the appropriate message for this function object . spec spec asserts 
bean properties null validation . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
zooms the view provided by this display by the given scale anchoring the zoom at the specified point 
scales the vector to length dist . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
stateful method to verify whether the amount of buffers allocated and lost since the last call has changed 
accept the visitor . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
paints the border of a tab of a tabbed pane . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
creates a new uninitialized asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a blockchain connected to the given list of wallets and a store . spec spec spec 
this function checks for basic functionality of http client . spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
disables curl logging for this client . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cancels any pending or potentially active requests associated with the passed context . spec spec spec asserts 
used when creating a talisman dialog for a talisman that has already been created . spec spec 
compares to another value . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
visit a predicate within a location path . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts decoded asn . integer to int value . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a little short cut method to check to see if a service was successful neither error or failed 
create a record representing a data source . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
see isbn for dummies spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removeall c removes only those elements of c and reports true if changed spec spec spec spec 
turn on sp device asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
populates the header with information received via socket spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
creates an ldapurl object from an ldap url string . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether the receiver contains the given range and throws an exception if necessary . spec asserts 
creates a module that includes the user s data directory . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
creates a new instance . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method setups paint object for the crop bounds . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set the indicator drawable . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new reader wrapping the given character sequence . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns an instance of a new builder . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method just invokes the test utils method it is here for convenience spec spec spec asserts 
example to writejson using streamingapi asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
display the script inputs . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
highlights and returns the highlight object for this field a string by default . spec spec asserts 
writes a buffer to the underlying stream . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a reference type . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
take this filter out of service . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an instance of the specified and returns it . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
constructs a new filter for the specified extension and asserts . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this element type can contain another element type . spec spec spec spec spec 
adds a new link asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the character at position pos from the matched text . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
creates a new bookmark panel . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the tip text for this property asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the mime data type of this intent . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes specified selection listener asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
construct a specific type of neuron from a string description . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns a string representation of the specified array . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove any pending posts of messages with code what and whose obj is object that are in the 
checks to see if a table is partitioned . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
private ctor used only by the clone method . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a asserts instance from the data in this map spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check the edges out of a block are within the loop spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates whether some other object is equal to this object . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
builds an analyzer with the given stop words asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
stopping asserts would close the asserts . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return true if the soot method signature is in the list of methods to highlight . asserts 
use default comparison between d and d . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of this detector . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the cursor moved to a new position . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new id v datatype . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct an asserts backed by an optional spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find a single content provider by its base path name . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a token to a list asserts attention to the parameters we ve set . spec asserts 
constructs a transaction mode exception with the specified description message minor code and completion status . asserts 
cas tail field . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
returns true if any of the arguments is symbolic spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
define if the drawer should close if the user clicks on a profile item if the selection list 
this method will check and load the dictionary file in memory for a given column spec asserts 
initializes this mac object with the given key and algorithm parameters . spec spec spec spec spec 
initializes a new storagecenterapiexception . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if any term vectors exist for this field . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the given url from the requests that are waiting for a response and retrieves the name of 
constructs a sqldataexception object with a given reason and cause . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
normalize a phone number by removing the characters other than digits . spec spec spec spec spec 
get self service . spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
delete a value from a given key value name asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether updates are detected . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
callback allowing a developer to track asserts the component gains focus spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes all values from the asserts . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove the custom data channel if any . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialises all the common attributes . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
supports reporting bound property changes . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
creates socket bound to local asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests trying to download a file to the system partition . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads the specified amount of bytes from the input stream and wraps it into a bytebuffer . 
broadcasts group chat state change asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
send the given message encoded as length value on the given output stream . spec spec asserts 
used for inheritablethreadlocals . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get rid of traffic that is no longer valid the traffic is expired spec spec spec asserts 
creates a generic confirmation dialog . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resets the state of the input event consistency verifier . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
produce a jsonarray of jsonobjects from a comma delimited text string using the first row as a source 
sorts the location array for this cell . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a deep copy of this hll . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiate a new asynchronous http request for the passed parameters . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts class can overwrite this method to perform some necessary tasks before reseting profile . spec asserts 
creates the underlying database table . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
split databus event keys into eventstore event ids . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new modelmbeanattributeinfo object from this modelmbeanattributeinfo object . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the analysis could determine that i is always treated as non null after and including 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
find set query asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
add a check constraint expression to this column . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method will form one single byte for all the high card dims . spec spec asserts 
marks this metadata creator as having been moved . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds one or more spec rule parts . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
blocked users num users asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
gets the value of the asserts property . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new doc flavor with the given mime type and a print data representation class name of 
adds a new mapping from acl rule to acl flow . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clears all rows from this view leaving the structure in place asserts asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
checks if the dirty read bit was set for this modifier . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tells whether or not the http headers of all requests should be scanned not just requests that send 
creates a new objectlyrics image datatype . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a broker initializer . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a tree maker with nopos as initial position . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
displays the given message . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compares the specified object with this uuid for equality . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
decrypt the given input starting at the given offset and place the result in the provided buffer starting 
sends an error message to be printed in the display debug if it is repeated it is not 
converts an array containing the natural logarithms of probabilities stored in a vector back into probabilities . 
format a date using a really short format . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if there is any connectivity to a wifi network spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when the activity is first created . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determine if a file or directory exists . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
constructs a new prefix file filter for a single prefix . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
decodes parameters in percent encoded uri format e . g . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns the parent element type of this element type . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is the comparison operand what the index indexes ? asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
disconnects from the engine asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether to trim unused fields as part of the conversion process . spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new dashboard object . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handles sc cases asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
update the buttons on the host wizard to reflect the state of the guest wizard spec asserts 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
is the command currently applicable ? asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
set the base context for this contextwrapper . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
process a surprise connect event or place it on the startup queue . spec spec spec asserts 
lays out the container so that it uses the minimum space needed to display its contents . 
checks whether this searchable activity has auto url detection turned on . spec spec spec spec asserts 
notify this instance that it may no longer render a gui . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
show dialog and set paper optionally re calculate layout asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this version of decode honors the intent of reader . decode binarybitmap in that it passes null as 
reads lines in a file into a list spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
subtypes like application xml spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if both the given tags and capability matches . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a simpletrigger that will occur at the given time and not repeat . spec spec asserts 
filter out any sessions from the collection that the actor does not have permission to access . 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests the asserts method that takes a byte array using a short array . spec spec asserts 
logs the given asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this queue item has been processed . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
sets whether to use daemon threads to receive logs from the subprocess . spec spec spec asserts 
a fawesections object represents a chunk and the blocks that you wish to change in it . 
load xml file and persist model object asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
disconnects from the api asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
on request failed message is shown to the user . spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs an invalid activity exception with minor code set to and completionstatus set to completed no . 
return true if the sail is using a quads mode database . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the action is performed . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts produces complex or float samples corresponding to a sine wave asserts at the specified frequency and sample 
invoke tag plugin for the given custom tag if a plugin exists for the custom tag s tag 
whether the app whost package s name is packagename is on the top of the stack attentions you 
compute the number of bytes that would be needed to encode an unparsed messageset extension field to the 
creates a sphere primitive . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ignore types for sccs ignore declared types when determining node equivalence for sccs . spec spec asserts 
for printing the system info to stdout . asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
this test is commented out because it needs to be verified manually asserts spec spec spec asserts 
awaits completion or aborts on interrupt or timeout . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tells asserts that a potential url might be launched . spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
sends markup to the given indentprinter . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
fired when a request returns successfully override to handle in your own code spec spec spec asserts 
this method validates a state object for internal consistency . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the first occurrence of the property named propertyname asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new exception with a pre defined detail message that includes the given parameter values . 
creates a filter matching messages with a header matching the given name . spec spec spec asserts 
returns a hash code based on the contents of the specified array . spec spec spec asserts 
delete the dted files that meet the internal file list parameters . spec spec spec spec spec 
creates a new http connection for the given host with the virtual alias and port via the given 
removes content item from the tag structure . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
replace single and double quotes characters with html entities . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
finds the first occurrence of given value in an array from specified given position . spec asserts 
prints warning message . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
prepares new insert operation asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert a d array of doubles to a string . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the index of the item currently at the top of the viewable area . spec spec 
enters a new lexical state asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a deep copy of the ast subtree at this node . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
utility method to check if an xml element is an array . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
decode an evaluate file or raw input based on postprocessor . flags . spec spec spec asserts 
returns the tip text for this property asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the token specified to the current linked list of tokens . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method called after this event has been dispatched to all handlers . spec spec spec spec spec 
is locator with key valid warehouse spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the token specified to the current linked list of tokens . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a string representation of this item i . e . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new eqioexception . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the given state is a goal state . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resets the scanner to read from a new input stream . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
stop loading the current page . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invoked when a window is in the process of being closed . spec spec spec spec spec 
returns a clone of this priority queue . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if asserts has the right basic format for a local id . spec spec asserts 
shows if authorization will be used to the asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
api info as it appears on the swagger ui page . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
equality comparison for the core only . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks the given cause to determine if it s already an ioexception type and if not creates a 
calculate the preferred renew time and put in the map spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the current position to index . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cancels a previous request that was made to perform a file copy asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the tip text for this property asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
encode the string s in the buffer using utf . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs this application downloading a small bootstrapper if necessary . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
process a qualified prefixed name . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a representative face to a person for identification . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prepare the inserthelper for an insert . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
device or resource busy asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new search result entry protocol op from the provided search result entry . spec asserts 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clear listener in switch for specify viewgroup . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts for the specified context and resource identifier . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used by asserts . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a langstring using the given label and language . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates the value for a given attribute key and metadata . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return true if the point is inside our polygon asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates the asserts graphical size to match the world s size and current scale zoom . asserts 
registers a value with a key and an automatically assigned integer id . spec spec spec asserts 
reads the next character returning on end of file . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
initializes using the default skin file . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
performs a deep copy on other . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts a failure to a message and a warning then an exception for the junit test runner to 
perform downsampling on a number of bins . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
helper function to compile a shader . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a set of image cache parameters that can be provided to asserts spec spec spec asserts 
send message with subscription info . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
disables the p no th item in the change layer menu . spec spec spec spec spec 
multiply two integers checking for overflow . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a notification object . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the view held by the presenter if any asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the form of nextdouble used by doublestream spliterators . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
binds a preference s summary to its value . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
saves the validity state to the specified stream . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
dom level ls cr experimental . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
removes any mock enabled value associated with the given provider . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
inserts a key value pair into the map . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
this method generates a string representation of a date time in the format you specify on input 
notifies listeners about ending scrolling asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
store into a buffer . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the current size of this list . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct new range . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
does repeated requests for each of the hosts with the connection being closed in between . spec 
returns an independent copy of the generator . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
lowest level internal loop . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
construct a new gcspy stream of byte type spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests if the specified key value mapping is in the map . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a randomly generated password for a certificate keystore . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
increase the tab height a bit asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes all the listeners . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns if this note is sharped . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
close the distributed log manager factory freeing any resources it may hold . spec spec spec spec 
create an instance of statuselement asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
opens an xml file given the file s location in the file system or on the classpath . 
create a new animator . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
decode raw mods from the provided byte array . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prints out the version number to system . out . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is tinting enabled for the system status bar ? asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a divexpr immediate immediate grammar chunk . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns whether this instance is closed . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests that two entry arrays are the same . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
opens the url in a browser . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an interval starting from to the specified count value with a step value of . spec 
clears the recycled connections e . g . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a asserts object with default values for all parameters . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an immutable map containing the given entries with keys sorted by the provided comparator . spec 
add an header line containing a field name a literal colon and a value . spec asserts 
return the length of a previous month of the gregorian calendar . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
action to enable the preview panel . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates whether the given character is in the gen delims set . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ensures that the receiver can hold at least the specified number of elements without needing to allocate new 
a probably conservative way of telling if a value throws an exception or not . spec spec 
compute digamma d . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
frees allocated resources . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
instantiates a new node based on a set of children . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an iterator over the elements in this queue in proper sequence . spec spec spec asserts 
removes a spider listener . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if field asserts is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise spec asserts 
provides a new annotation instance . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
searches for the first occurence of the given argument beginning the search at index and testing for equality 
see if we can load a class that isn t public to us . spec spec asserts 
gets whether to use full detail when the caller doesn t specify . spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether it has the name suffix . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
searches the list for values satisfying condition in the manner of the nix grep utility . asserts 
converts from wrapper to external encoding asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
unregisters the listener from receiving sample buffers asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
required to have my own enhanced attacher that contains the additional functionality asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns a detailed message for the error when it is thrown by the token manager to indicate a 
reset state color title suffixes to default . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
shrink weight for the component horizontally . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the specified number to self . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ensure that all variables are nominal and that there are no missing values spec spec spec asserts 
indicates that the status check should use https . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
serializes an int to a binary stream with zero compressed encoding . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
insert the epilogue before a particular return instruction . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ensure the internal array s capacity . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a writableraster with the specified width and height that has a data layout samplemodel compatible with this 
updates the designated column using the given input stream . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether the image buffer should be repainted . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new menushortcut for the specified virtual keycode . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a list of file filters . spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get an array of valid baud rates . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a region of interest to display on the image . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
simple edges bidirectional equality based analysis between variable nodes . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
joins two segments into one if the given point d . double hits a node of the polyline 
init template filter with different lists asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets each value in the grid to that value multiplied bythismuch returns the modified grid . asserts 
remove any messages stored up returning how many there were . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests a given byte array to see if it contains only valid characters within the base alphabet . 
creates a defaultformatterfactory with the specified jformattedtextfield . asserts . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a jsonvalue containing service names and values spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
queries the data asserts for updated segment metadata and ten updates the physical table . spec asserts 
read int represented as four bytes . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
separates each field of the array by a semicolon asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
puts a key value pair into the array optimizing for the case where the key is greater than 
flushes the underlying output writing all buffered output . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
loads all static aspects from an nbt and complements any missing data asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a new identity x matrix asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
internal query to resolve the asserts to many relationship of groupdb . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
report an xml comment anywhere in the document . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the header . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find needed free tcp ports . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the code is in . . which means the request was successfully received understood and 
checks to see if there are any threads currently waiting to borrow objects but are blocked waiting for 
close finalize and apply retention policy spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a soapmessage with specified fault code and fault string . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
determines whether a cell is in the column range to allow for editing . spec spec asserts 
removes all the algorithms from the households container . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this map maps one or more keys to the specified value . spec spec 
gets the value of the asserts property . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the max value for this type of fitness is always . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a serverlocator which will receive cluster topology updates from the cluster as servers leave or join and 
creates a filterinputstream by assigning the argument in to the field this . in so as to remember 
the method is part of the asserts interface pass the message as is to the spec object which 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ensures there is enough space in the buffer for the given number of additional bytes . asserts 
constructs a new exception with the specified detail message and specified cause . spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a pipedreader so that it is connected to the piped writer src and uses the specified pipe 
create any directory directories required in the supplied path asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
registers the metadata for this element . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
keep track of non daemon threads so shutdown can wait for their termination . spec spec asserts 
move numbers are in the format . or . . . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
generate short version uuid from given uri asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tear down instance variables required by this test case . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a xmlstring from a faststringbuffer . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
appends the remaining parts to the clients message buffer asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
does this type of message needs to be replied to ? spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
removes a node from its tree . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
ensures the truth of an expression involving one or more parameters to the calling method . spec 
constructs a new token for the specified image . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
calculate the bitmap samplesize asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
version of plus for use in retryupdate asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method responds to a quit event by closing the application in the whichever method the user has 
this hashcode method must not change do not add the database id to this hashcode method otherwise the 
creates a new instance of distributionworddocument . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add the product to the list . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string representation of this double object . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
opens a saved bar chart . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method updates subscription model with selected unit details . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an instance of this class with the given asserts to configure . spec spec spec asserts 
gets integer value associated to asserts instance asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new unsupportedauthalgoritmexception with a null detail message . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invokes the contains method on each ui handled by this object . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adjusts the diff type of this line fragment based on the types of the inline child fragments . 
returns the next random string of length length . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
creates a store reader from the specified file . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a sitesettingscategory from a content settings type . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convenience method for initializing a task object with a status spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
creates the cache object of size of . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new invalidpluginexception based on the given exception asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
merges the two runs at stack indices i and i . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads a line from a file and returns an event spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
paints the border of the area that contains the content of the selected tab of a tabbed pane 
cuts the text between two indices into the system clipboard . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add status effect to entity spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes all live attributes for this element . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
count all feeds where unread articles exist . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cleans up after running this test suite . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clones this object with an alias asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
repositions this stream to the position at the time the mark method was last called on this input 
constructs an instance of this class . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
paints the border of a color chooser . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
obscure clear value . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
removes a file or directory from the device . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
creates a receipt header along with associated instrument header attached to it spec spec spec spec spec 
approves the process with the given id and forwards the given comment . spec spec spec asserts 
helper method to determine if element is a member of the array . spec spec spec asserts 
populate list of levels . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if user has previously granted contacts upload permission . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
attribute type reference in an extends or implements clause . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether the given node and the other object match . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a a b a row col a row col b row col . spec spec spec asserts 
terminates all threads ending all discovery processing being performed by the current instance of this class . 
called before the delegate will stop running . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets whether whitespace between element start and end tags should be ignored asserts spec spec spec asserts 
display warning with warning icon asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test a configuration where three characters makes a term asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes a new asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a message from the specified key and replacement arguments localized to the given locale . asserts 
read the file fully and return the contents . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
closes the connection to the zwave controller . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
paints the transcoded svg image on the specified graphics context . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determine all the line segments in the chain whose envelopes overlap the spec and process them . 
creates an empty list . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize the locator by injecting all required fields . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates the ok cancel buttons panel asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
deserialize log segment sequence number for bytes data . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
start scanning for possible devices who matches the service id spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find references to both the file itself and build targets defined in the file . spec spec 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
update the working copy to a different url within the same repository . spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether this is a switch for the given package . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
override the processinginstruction interface in sax dtm . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an instantiationexception with the specified detail message . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
checks whether the subdomain field has been set asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize instance from file data . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
skillcaster received num damage as it used skillname . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
fling the scroll view asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the one and only reference . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
build the client when all user parameters have been set . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
read from the stream asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
does a part contain taxon ? asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is the key equal to the combined key . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts char array to byte array using default asserts encoding . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invoke local callback . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds runnable to event dispatch queue if we aren t in spec of headless environment mode asserts 
replaces the existing metadata for an attribute . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
frees any resources the popup may be holding onto . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return this instance of this phase . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs the contribution indicator using the specified reference set and epsilon value . spec spec spec asserts 
this method gets list of all processes present in batch consump queue and archive consump queue linked to 
checks preference get set permissions . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
inverts a grey scale image . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new invalid property exception . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the two instances match on those attributes that have been designated key columns eg scheme 
saves this queue to a stream that is serializes it . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method performs a synchronous thrift call to attach one or more disks to a vm . 
add an item to the shopping cart . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
encode the header content into a string . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the title of the html . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
issue an http post with empty body and assert the response status code . spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
reads last call logs from all contacts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize the asserts session . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
hides the soft keyboard . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
lazy initialization as the vehicle info may not be available from the beginning . spec spec asserts 
resolve all non framework themes available from module of passed configuration spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method creates and returns a stylesheet that makes the documentation look as it s supposed to look 
normalize an input buffer of arabic text asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the value of the connected property . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
completely removes player from database asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the specified point x y to the receiver . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns if the y axis grid should be visible . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
returns true if the node is not from a standard module . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
after rotating the matrix needs to be translated . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether or not the passed virtualpool specifies vplex high availability . spec spec spec spec asserts 
execute the function . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the asserts arguments such as asserts g to set the maximum heap size . spec asserts 
limits the specified point s x and y coordinates to the world window s viewport and returns a 
creates a abstractquerybuilder instance that can be used to build api request with various parameters spec asserts 
converts a linear location to the lowest equivalent location index . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handles asserts packets . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an auto adaptive multi method recombination operator with the specified archive for updating probabilities . asserts 
stops camera preview and releases the camera to the system . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
close all tabs on this model without notifying observers about pending tab closures . spec spec asserts 
return a function argument list consisting of the given values any of which may itself be an argument 
returns an iterator to the events in the queue . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new function edge object . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
register an rpc blocking service implementation on this server . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
if this table has a schema and catalog specified make sure it is created . spec asserts 
returns a string representation of this jtooltip . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
requests that this element s image source be loaded into its texture atlas . spec spec spec 
this will do the actual upgrade process by moving tenant credentials and copying all tenant certificate chains to 
create a x certificateholder from the passed in asn . structure . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs new asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
unregister a movement listener from notification . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
installs any system properties . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
assigns the channel id position in file and size . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method is to be used in all tests to print anything that is temporary . asserts 
associates the given locked in version id with this request . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a utility for padding out a string with spaces . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a gml lowercorner element with the given lat and lon . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
swaps values in the given array asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
checks if the given generalname is in the permitted set . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts rgb components of a color to a set of cmyk components . spec spec spec spec 
checks to see if an ack timer already exists in the register for the given name and action 
creates and returns an empty tuple asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes all instances with missing values for a particular attribute from the dataset . spec spec asserts 
creates a asserts from a mediatype and gzip ed body string spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a new switchpreference with default style options . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
set remove as favorite using sharedpreferences can t repeat names the type of operation is switched by a 
delete the crc files from the local file system associated with a particular file and its metadata file 
create a sasl byte channel with the specified parameters that is capable of processing a confidentiality integrity sasl 
call to skip examining the picture for the exif orientation tag and rotating the image if needed . 
read a fixed length byte array whose length is specified as a varint . asserts spec asserts 
indicates whether the log file has been initialized . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
consume the final unconsumed nested scroll after all behaviors done . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a query to retrieve documents that do or do not cross the date line and match the 
calculate the log likelihood of the data for the current tree . spec spec spec spec asserts 
attach to the moving offsetgrabpoint so if it moves it will move this editableomgraphic with it . 
this method checks if the given challan is valid . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add an effector . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
algorithm to find multiple text terms in x y x y rectangle on page number with matching asserts 
reads the next bits from this binary input stream and return as a bit short . asserts 
creates a new rdfhandlerexception wrapping another exception . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if the current row needs to be saved . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method was generated by mybatis generator . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts that a given file does not exist . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
removes references to shared objects so they can be garbage collected . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates stream for decoding . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if this class implements the given interface . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a transformerimpl . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
enables the so reuseaddr option . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compute the square corresponding to the coordinates of a mouse event . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates the asserts notification or creates one if none exist for the provided notificationid and mediatype . 
returns true if element can self close itself when empty . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
disables data filtering for the chart . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a stream of javadoc lines generated from the tags in the specified model . spec spec 
handles the request consumed and forwards it to the hook specific destination . spec spec spec asserts 
reverts all the decorations asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
used to fetch for the album art via last . fm . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
insert redundant casts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
closes this transaction by rolling it back if not already committed . spec spec spec spec spec 
sets the contents in the hex editor to the contents of the specified file . spec asserts 
installs the state needed for mnemonics . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
not supported searches a pattern and return the position . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the reference set bounds . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the subfolder represented by the url . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
adds to the current bitmap all integers in asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
set the current context node and expression node . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a new instace . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
deletes the currently selected attribute asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
turns all lt gt and amp into character entities and returns that string . spec spec spec 
get rest authenticate check if the user is authenticated and return its login . spec spec asserts 
reverses the order of characters in this buffer . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
logs a message with org . apache . commons . logging . impl . simplelog . log level 
hash a char and long seed . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates new map layer with a given id . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
register container capabilities . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
id of the community that owns the wiki page . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
validate if the input compositedata has the expected compositetype i . e . spec spec spec asserts 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
generates the numeric portion of an octal hex or unicode escape sequence . spec spec spec asserts 
an empty element . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove all counters from the asserts . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks certificate and update crl in cached crl store . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
makes active tab visible . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a prefs using given parent and given name asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
test getting an instance variable of a sibling class . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initiates a barcode encode . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
checks if the asserts j . configuration system property is set and if so it reconfigures the verinice 
get is subcontracting . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
you are not supposed to instantiate this class . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
additional to the function corner for performance reasons to avoid allocation of an intpoint . spec asserts 
indicates whether the specified annotation is present . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
merge the context sensitive tuples and make a single insensitive tuple spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
clear the event list of all listeners asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
given a mapping from asserts gt hashset find or create the hash set corresponding to a given basic 
creates a new uninitialized cuda pointer attribute p p tokens spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called each frame . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
long value of a positive bigdecimal asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clears the iterator using its remove method . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is the command currently applicable ? asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates numericshaper with specified parameters . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an asserts with given throwable . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes the detailed info flow info associated with a method argument or receiver using the given filewriter . 
returns the size of this intlist . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a test . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an authentication provider . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the list of any direct string nodes of this node . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the number of headers in the list . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sends message through this access point s socket . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
prints a message at verbose priority . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
modifies color c to ensure it has acceptable contrast relative to color c . spec spec spec 
returns a hash code value for this prime finite field . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an array of the names bound in the rmiregistry spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
request that key events come to this activity . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines whether a given node is a variable access node that can be simplified . spec asserts 
translates the points in model into the first model s coordinate frame . spec spec spec asserts 
is this a disc movie folder video ts asserts ? . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
submits the populated callback objects to the authentication plug in modules . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs the moea d algorithm with the specified components . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
closes idle connections idle since specified time . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
cumulative asserts for child processes not maintained . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a buffered block cipher with the desired padding . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the contents of a byte as a string using the default character encoding of the platform . 
convert a gradient with respect to spherical coordinates into a gradient with respect to cartesian coordinates . 
is invoked once the call from initiatepurchaseupdatesrequest is completed . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct an instance . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new empty map with the specified initial capacity and load factor . spec spec asserts 
returns an iterator over the elements in this set . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new strokeaction that processes all data groups . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
transfers a node from a condition queue onto sync queue . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a new tracker for the given route . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance containing the calculated one time hash of the given file s contents . 
verifies the attributes of an image bundle that is used for displaying and image on a card . 
return the rank or index or member in the sorted set at key with scores being ordered from 
a hook before the factory creates the node . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this class is not an interface and not abstract . spec spec spec spec 
parses a string containing latitude and longitude coordinates in either degrees minutes seconds or decimal degrees . 
creates a new bad position category exception . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method initializes relational maps asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
asserts a sequence by a specified rate . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called from setbeancontext to validate or otherwise the pending change in the nesting beancontext property value . 
creates a bitmap font asserts with an initial string and the fnt file spec spec spec asserts 
construct a new hash print service attribute set initially populated with the given value . spec asserts 
returns a clone of the specified array . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a stub for a call to code at a given address . spec spec spec asserts 
asserts this function is intended to be paired with the asserts function . spec spec spec asserts 
mark the current recovery as done asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
creates a new consistency group on the storage center . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns a copy of this period with the specified years added . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method to return a date instance which is exactly numdays days before the point in time designated by 
returns a multiplexing ui instance if any of the auxiliary lookandfeels supports this ui . spec asserts 
returns a value as a string array . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an iterator over this group of headers . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string representation of the receiver . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
constructs user code verification resource for oauth device flow asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
logs a string at log level info . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
renames thumb folder . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
check asserts asserts and asserts methods . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
forces this dispatcher to quit immediately . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
write up to limit bytes of data from instr to the destination stream asserts . spec asserts 
gets the size of the priority queue . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
if this method is called the serializer is used as a dtdhandler which changes behavior how the serializer 
the number of leaf cells covered by the union . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
locks given key . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
immediately reverses the last update operation if the row has been modified . spec spec spec asserts 
returns cross references for each line where m is called in the application . spec spec asserts 
indicates whether this package is sealed . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a buildcontrollerupdate with no flags initially set . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
fills the list with child views spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a copy of this page . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
replacement function for nextgaussian asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
end the scope of a prefix uri mapping . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
append a long value . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a minimal instance using the parent s default model and the field s name as its bound 
clamps the target bounds using the provided clamp bounds asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the attribute with the specified key from this asserts . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the value of raised to a power specified by a parameter . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a project on gitlab asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts of executing task returns its pool spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes an empty priority queue using the given comparator . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
draw a line of text . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a href tag spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a sentence out of a asserts . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a reader that assumes all encoded data is data and does not treat the final character as 
change in app notifications enable value asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
sends a notification on the activation of a product to the receiver specified in the trigger definition . 
converts a given array of strings into a single string with the array elements separated by a semi 
returns an enumeration of the values in this table . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method evaluates the jsonpath expression on the supplied node . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
put a key value pair in the jsonobject where the value will be a jsonarray which is produced 
send mount facing change data to the server asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create publickey from string representation asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a data item to the series . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts from joda time datetime to dateunit asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
print a usage message for this test class . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new asserts with the specified message . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an xsd float typed litral with the specified value . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
insert a new calendar . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
processes the message before it is passed to the asserts . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set the asserts associated with hierarchy . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the class to the list of those classes that were initialized during this test execution . 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
command asserts asserts an expression asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
deletes a portfolio entry in a feed . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write a text in a binary file asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get string representation of sql timestamp . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
verify that the stdout contents of output buffer does not contain the string spec spec spec asserts 
ctor using the tc server . xml path . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
calculate the time value from a given time in milliseconds in utc . spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether it has the short message describing this status . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
do not delete ! spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a blas like function for the operation z asserts a asserts x b asserts y z . 
write data to every client socket asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
deletes the entry . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
whether the path is file path spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
calculates a number of evaluation measures for multi label classification including class wise measures . spec spec 
c a b asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this uri is absolute which means that a scheme is defined . spec asserts 
remove a data field from this table asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
proto retrieve the internal symbol table entry for the symbol proto spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construye un objeto de la clase por defecto . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
static calc of match score . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the duel between and was a draw . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
looks at the object at the top of this stack without removing it from the stack . 
adds an undirected edge to the graph from node a to node b . spec spec asserts 
tests that object state is preserved against modifications through array reference returned by getmidtermsofreductionpolynomial method . spec 
replaces the search string with the replace string throughout the builder . spec spec spec spec asserts 
iterate over parents . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates the status of the frame after simulation has finished . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
tests for equality between the specified object and this code signer . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
makes sure the necessary properties and image is loaded . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
end a application level transaction on this allocator . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method just to throw an illegal argument exception without being inlined spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
log a info message with a throwable . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
specify an order by clause . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
look up the bits base encoded by the specified character range checking againt conversion table spec asserts 
creates a servlet bean definition for the given jax rs application spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a new accept element . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new updater for the given category . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts deriving the associated remote host from the given credentials . spec spec asserts 
creates a new abandon request that is an exact copy of the provided request . spec asserts 
test of setf momentary method of class abstractthrottle . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
move some pre defined menu actions into the more . . . spec spec spec spec spec 
adds a series of observations to the regression model . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the value of the accesstounderlyingconnectionallowed property . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
recursively analyzes log files . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create the wizard pages asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
returns true if debug has been enabled . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new relay log task . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
update a contentassoc service . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculates a new set as union of the results after applying the given function to all elements . 
main method which can be run from command line with the plugin option . spec spec asserts 
gets the median time that this operation took across all processes . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the http field date or now if header date missing spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new element cache of the given size . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates objectidentifier oid from array of integers . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether this entry is shown in the catalog . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a boringlayout for the specified text potentially reusing this one if it is already suitable . 
returns true if dir is on of the asserts included roots . spec spec spec spec asserts 
create a shell folder from a file . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
strip the leading string off of a string if it contains a . spec spec spec spec 
creates a backtracking strategy with the specified features . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
if the specified event is unknown add it to the list and send the text to the player 
puts a short into this byte vector . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
group this traversable by the provided classifying function and collected by the provided collector spec spec asserts 
re size a specified chunk on its backed memory pool . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reverse correct document . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a asserts predicate that closes over a supply of intervals . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
read an arraylist from an inputstream containing xml . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the value of a single preference for the transcoding process . spec spec spec spec spec 
revert to default value . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add double quotes around an identifier if required . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new more like this query which uses the all field . spec spec spec spec 
get ssh server with shell support bound to separate port spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method max returns the is highest score asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
captured the artifact . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test update when parent is the root and the path being updated is missing locally . asserts 
creates a new asserts dialog . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new sslerror object using the supplied error and certificate . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a singleton cookiesyncmanager within a context asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
has denied permission boolean . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
test whether the ray with the given origin and the given dir intersects the frontface of the triangle 
creates a new asserts that can be used to configure the table column . spec spec asserts 
the npc for ados houses . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
register a namespace prefix spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates whether an icon s elevation is treated as an offset from the terrain or an absolute elevation 
constructs an activatefailedexception with the specified detail message . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
skilltarget was put in the forced crash state because skillcaster used skillname . spec spec spec asserts 
set the maximum number of connections client will open . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
replaces this node with a semantically equivalent text node . spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
determine if two jsonarrays are similar . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test to invalidate an url with a simple parameter without value spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance of extensionelement asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
save the state of the hashmap instance to a stream i . e . serialize it . 
returns true if the origin and origin label should be shown . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
apply cone of influence reduction to constraints with respect to the last constraint in the list asserts 
send an info log message asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
perform a http patch request and track the android context which initiated the request . spec asserts 
toggle the slidingmenu . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
checks whether the device supports bluetooth low energy communication asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
instead of recovering from exception e rethrow it wrapped in a generic runtimeexception so it is not caught 
returns the unsigned remainder from dividing the first argument by the second where each argument and the result 
creates a new branch with the provided information . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new byteholder object for the given byte . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new regionclearedexception with a message string . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new entry by doing a shallow copy from another baseentry instance . spec spec spec 
creates a buffered reader for this url using the given encoding . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
c type cl channel order asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
utility classes should not be instantiated . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this function is invoked from external if a node is added to the model . spec asserts 
checks if the property is set asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clear the current list of pending messages asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
returns true if a usage record for the given variable inside a filter or bind values node has 
reads the object as a map . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove listeners dos objetos firebase asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compare two expressions where one of them is null . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
perform the archive merge using the specified file as the output destination . spec spec spec asserts 
gets primary key for the given cache . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new attribute with the specified id . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
assert no complete successfully signal has been received . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the default recording qualities for this capturedevice . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clears the authentication failure times . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new bytearraybody . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parse an unwrap action . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
execute mysql query get result set rs asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
internal process a map key class for the given map key map accessor . spec spec spec 
write a line as a comment will automatically be prepended with comment char spec spec spec asserts 
returns true of an offscreen buffer is needed to render this node false otherwise . spec asserts 
this method should be overridden by operators that need to do something just before the return of dooperation 
synchronize the files with the file system . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return a new compatible image that contains a copy of the specified image . spec spec asserts 
invalidate all cache entries asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
query for a single data item asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
register a downloadfilechangelistener with configuration asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new asserts instance . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create annotation instance with given values . spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an unresolved information instance asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compares the destination and location asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
get post immediately deprecated . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method returns true if the current node is allowed to delete the given index . asserts 
this is used to remove the outputnode from the top of the output stack . spec asserts 
find intersecting view in asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
constructs an adaptive asserts operator . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
starts the sequence . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the smallest integer greater than or equal to the specified float . spec spec spec asserts 
a utility function that checks of an alternate id uniqueness constraints will be violated when an object is 
prints the given long to the streams . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cleanup databases of the currently instantiated replication servers in the vm . spec spec spec spec asserts 
updates user by replacing an existing user entity with a new one . spec spec spec spec 
check if this object has all the header fields populated and available for reading . spec asserts 
using default values of crosshatchspacing . f and linewidth . f . spec spec spec spec asserts 
declare a namespace prefix for this context . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compare the contents of two readers to determine if they are equal or not ignoring eol characters . 
equality test between two digit lists . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates and exports a registry instance on the local host that accepts requests on an anonymous port . 
assigns all selected items to a new group new component for example asserts spec spec spec asserts 
populate feature type constraint field . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
apply a filter to each vertex in the graph stream since this is an edge only stream the 
asserts initialize the component . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
equivalent to assert t ! null return t asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sends an on screen message using vanilla s mechanism for displaying the spec s press shift to asserts 
scans all sites until all volumes involved in the recoverpoint protection are visible spec spec spec asserts 
logs the given message instance using the warn level asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
not supported truncates the object . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the index where the key is found at or the index of the next empty spot if 
shows a popup menu that depends on the node that was clicked . spec spec spec asserts 
make the time beauty asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
compares this factory with an object . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
saves keystore in file asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a new asserts spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests this renderer for equality with an arbitrary object . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the child to the parent . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines if there are any constraints imposed by the destination on the result columns to be produced by 
returns the an interpolated location along the great arc between value and value . spec spec asserts 
flattens the representation of every element in targets and puts all results together . spec spec spec 
calculates a asserts checksum asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
moves audio files to an album . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a qname from a string resolving the prefix using the given namespace context and prefix resolver . 
convert the value of the passed in extension to an object spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tries all the valid characters in a position asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a user mapping containing all authorizations and configurations parsed so far . spec spec spec asserts 
process the invite request . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
create a new explanation asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
helper for saving a text to file asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the receiver contains the specified value . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the string representation of the object or null if the object is null . spec spec 
determines if the passed volume name conforms to the default naming convention . spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a host to this network record asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs the asserts problem . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
releases the statement . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a new uri to the list of redirects . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cuts prefix if exists . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initiate the existing camera apps asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a list of asserts from a map spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get an optional double associated with a key or the defaultvalue if there is no such key or 
clear all of the cached pdx types in this registry . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
encode and write a tag . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
computes the squared distance from this vector to a specified vector . asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
connects neurons such that every source neuron is connected to every target neuron . spec spec spec 
accumulate values under a key . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
put bitmap to image cache asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
construct a asserts that will process the bean properties in their natural order . spec spec asserts 
adds a value to the density estimator . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
decrements the reference counter . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
open the default browser showing the asserts documentation for the given class and method spec spec asserts 
initializes the list used to keep track of whether or not a color has been returned yet . 
elimina definitivamente de la lista de nodos un nodo que estaba marcado como eliminado . spec asserts 
constructs a securityexception with the specified detail message . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
allows to gracefully create a new instance of class without having to try catch exceptions . asserts 
returns the date as string in the format hh mm spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new value with a unit . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
update scroll pane after zoom to keep centered on mouse position spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
enables the line to be drawn in dashed mode e . g . spec spec spec asserts 
removes a mapping from the map . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
configure the job . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new grant . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
easing equation function for an elastic exponentially decaying sine wave easing in out acceleration until halfway then deceleration 
check if we are already in sync . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
escape commas in the string using the default escape char spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the file for the restaurant s photo . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
requests that this thread stop running . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
indicates start production . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
evaluates an expression . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
create a validator using the asserts value attribute . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a bit flip operator . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
use asserts to create parameterdefinition of the technicalproduct asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
skip over any whitespace so that the matcher region starts at the next token . spec asserts 
evaluate an generic service producing mock ivs . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add an error without reference to component causing it . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether or not there exists a purchase of the given product . spec spec spec spec 
subtract the supplied depth and work done from the given transactions . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if the user has been granted the given role . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines the height of this view asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
loads the properties from a file specified by the commandline . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
evaluate this operation directly to a double . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
shuts down the receiver thread . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an asserts with the specified http status code and detail message . spec spec spec asserts 
returns false since this imageinputstream does not maintain a file cache . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
true if any of the loaded classes have been modified . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
constructs an mbeannotificationinfo object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether it has the property value . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
send an event to event bus with some data . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
reacts to a pressed tab . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds an element to the element . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
loads a custom configuration from the input stream specified . spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
this fails on the ri which violates its own promise to throw when read in non blocking mode 
add a visible dismissible card to the card stream . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
immediately send an event for the specified tileentity to the server . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the interval that a circuit breaker can see the latest accumulated count of events . spec 
render the data category row element . spec asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates the object to use for a caret for all of the motif text components . asserts 
service routine to look through parameter child elements to find a particular parameter value spec spec asserts 
returns a progress based status message regarding any current plugin installation . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get sales transaction . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a cylinder that minimally surrounds the specified minimum and maximum elevations in the sector at a specified 
convert a string to a asserts if possible spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the set of objects pointed to by static field f . spec spec spec spec spec 
creates the default factory implementation . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
this method is used to add an outputnode to the top of the stack . spec asserts 
a utility method that initializes a asserts object for use in any variety of spec . asserts 
databuffer must start from from the start of the body spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a pointer event system which dispatches both global pointer events and per layer pointer events . 
creates an item label generator using the specified number formatters . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns whether it has the export status . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
convert an object into byte array . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
static helper method for populating attributes from a database cursor . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes all of the instructions of this list . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an iterator that can be reused . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs and returns a propertyvaluesholder with a given property and set of int values . spec spec 
find the next node for the tag search children siblings and spec . spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string containing a concise human readable description of this object . spec spec spec asserts 
set a job to inactive state . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
fixes a negative query by adding a asserts query clause . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if the parser is at a asserts element . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
changes the first letter of the passed string to upper case . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return true when the catchable pokemon is a asserts pokemon spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compute the minimum of two values spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
admincondition checks the asserts of the player asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds an attribute to the currenly open tag asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if a file exists . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks repeated string message field equality . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an enumeration of all the available options . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
normalize a uri by removing any . segments and path . . segments . spec spec spec 
generate a key parameter derived from the password salt and iteration count we are currently initialised with . 
executes the sql commands in a script file against a database . spec spec spec spec asserts 
create a new pnt by adding additional coordinates to this pnt . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
attempts to add a decoration to the specified armor piece . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the token specified to the current linked list of tokens . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
fix last try catch assign instruction asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
build the url for remote node communication . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a samplemodel with the specified width and height that has a data layout compatible with this colormodel 
creates a new instance of spec . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to check whether there is a specialized handler for a given intent . spec spec asserts 
true if unmated sam records should be excluded . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the keys of the map . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether a password change is required before the potentially logged in user can continue working . 
returns weights if instance is assigned to more than one subset . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parses repository definition . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates this object with the appropriate identifier . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks is the size of the list parameter is equal to the constraint list size specified . 
compare the dna and byte versions asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check a role . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether this item is empty has no contents . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
duration that the sample was active ns . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method notifies of the start of an entity . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
put a single value into the correlation statistic . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the specified data value to the accumulator . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the current number of entries in the cache . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
return the asserts for a foreign path and calling pod . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
verifies this node is currently searching the specified version with the specified total hit count or that it 
asserts a jeditorpane so it can be used to render the content in a focusable pseudo tool tip 
creates a new exception with given error message and optional nested cause exception . spec spec asserts 
removes the item from the receiver s list at the given zero relative index . spec spec 
constructs the defined method . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
decode an integer from a sequence of ascii bytes . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
an empty program . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
performs a logical and of this target bit set with the argument bit set . spec asserts 
performs the actual client work . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the pojo property name of an getter setter asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tells whether or not the given utf value is a high surrogate . spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the orientation marker can be hit as part of the object . spec asserts 
iterate over native controller method calls asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if field domainid is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise spec asserts 
creates and returns a validator which allows to validate texts to ensure that they only contain numbers . 
creates a abstractquerybuilder instance that can be used to build api request with various parameters spec asserts 
cast a double to a datetime object asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
tell the client that there are no more query results spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an unmodifiable view of the specified sorted map . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
make a prettyprinted json text of this jsonarray . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find an available port from min to max asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write a processing instruction . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs a new cacheclosedexception . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds set of options in command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an image and places it in the image registry . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
scrubs bundles for private serializable subclasses in the extras . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prepare e . g . get parameters . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether the graph argument is null and throws if it is . spec spec spec spec 
extracts the hard reference from the soft weak reference given spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
view . asserts is a asserts . . . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the centre point of the envelope . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new radialtreelayout . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a static helper method to create the default compact format . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the class representing the component type of an array . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
run a javadoc task . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove a security token for a context . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method that adds the step to the workflow for adding a journal volume to a cg . 
guaranteed to throw an exception and leave the set unmodified . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the current lexical state . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads new input data into the buffer . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the toggle button . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when layout specific actions are needed after the animation finishes . spec spec spec spec spec 
use this to stop writing operation . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates that we don t need the default cache repository defaults to false spec spec spec asserts 
name letter letter digit . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
true if this iterator has a reversed axis . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
in case of date field we can adjust the from to fields using a timezone spec asserts 
helper for success callbacks that just returns the status . ok by default spec spec spec asserts 
javax crypto encryptedprivatekeyinfo string byte checks exception order asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs asserts every combination of removing of not removing asserts undirectedpaths spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
hook method called to handle query requests from clients . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
a less complicated string detailing just the realm information . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
places the asserts for this element in the grid . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new java . net . urlconnection object from the specified java . net . url . 
create a new asserts to be used in notifying listeners bridge servers etc . asserts spec asserts 
encode the string as an url . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a ref . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads text from tab separated stream . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new palette with all colors specified up front spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
and please don t touch this asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
overridden to avoid implementation dependency . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets jvm implementation name . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if the user has at least api level asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
finds the first string that matches the given string with case ignored . spec spec spec asserts 
clears the currently locked node and associated state variables . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the box primitive type if the passed type is an unboxed primitive . spec spec spec 
indicates that this instance should keep annotations . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
gets the value of the value property . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
column and row indices start with ! asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether node is alive or dead . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
reads the named classification block asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether the supplied character is a letter or number according to the n triples specification . 
appends a dynamic parameter value . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
start the symbolic carry process . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method was generated by mybatis generator . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the token specified to the current linked list of tokens . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when a character is selected . spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
all uu lines have bytes on them for line length of or characters per line . asserts 
returns a localized string for the given duration in seconds . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
model change of a monitored table . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
debug routine which will output tracing if the system property asserts . sql . rowset . rowsetfactory . 
gives notification that something was inserted into the document in a location that this view is responsible for 
send broadcast of new file so files appear over mtp spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
stops the recording . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
open the database . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find the position of the last slash in the given char chunk . spec spec spec spec 
method that adds the step to the workflow that creates the cg . spec spec spec spec 
measure view s height asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
checks whether a given tree contains a valid boolean formula . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method converts dp unit to equivalent pixels depending on device density . spec spec spec asserts 
resets the buffer so that you can use it again without throwing away the already allocated buffer . 
write a float array in a binary file asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
gigaspaces creates static resources implicitly when creating gigaspaces components such as remote embedded space proxies . asserts 
saves task name metadata to utility cache . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the length of the year represented by this date . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if a point is within the ball or at boundary . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts header asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
create command line options asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
builds a asserts instance . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether inventory usage is enabled for this session . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new icon view that represents an element . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
this method recovers state changes resulting from committing a transaction . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
update the checksum with one added byte . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
system has asserts records spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the specified effect from the effect chain . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
does not close the underlying socket output . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes an existing landing pad from the station asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove the maddr param if it exists . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
replaces all occurrences of a certain pattern in a string with a replacement string . spec asserts 
encodes a value number the is object information to a number to be stored in a state . 
send the crop intent from an activity with a custom request code asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convenience method to report user information . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
collect constants of the given type . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new char array and copy all the data . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
interpolate between x y and x y . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns main body of protein page for inclusion in asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
stops mouse capture . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
test of getmaxsize method of class olimexrfidprotocol . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
react to an update manager becoming available . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
create a deep copy of the ast subtree at this node . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
supports setting of a float value . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the asserts as the asserts asserts element in the wsa metadata element . spec spec asserts 
sample k elements . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a jsonobject from a map . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called on startup to run all the dao object table creation migration logic . spec spec asserts 
perform a asserts of the file system referenced by this object . spec spec spec spec spec 
returns an integer uniformly between inclusive and n exclusive . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
match against any object that is an instance of supplied type spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts hex values from strings to byte arra asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
create a continuous query on the server using connections from the given pool to communicate with the server 
will the renderer draw a symbol to indicate that the node is expanded or collapsed applies only to 
connect service and messenger . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts string asserts of ip address to a long . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates whether this file permission includes the group read permission . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
removes the specified ids from this interval . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns true if field corresponding to fieldid is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise 
force buffered operations to the filesystem . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
perform a http delete request . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
write an item to the output writer . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new array containing items which are the same as this array but in reverse order . 
java . security . interfaces . dsaprivatekey asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the high surrogate of a supplemental character spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks to see if the currently installed openam version is less than the specified version . asserts 
push an executing attribute set so we can check for recursive attribute definitions . spec spec asserts 
updates a column in the current or insert row . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when activity is no longer visible . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compute epsilon from scratch asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns index of the first occurrence of mnemonic within string text . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
according to spec info . asserts should return null but an exception is thrown stale result set . 
displays the entire constant pool . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
builds the reader . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
verify the rsv bit of a frame using the rule described in rfc . spec spec asserts 
writes the provided attribute to ldif using the provided information . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
exec the arguments using root if necessary . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
doesn t throw an exception so this is how it approves a certificate . spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
provides a uri resolver to resolve relative uris or private uri schemes . spec spec spec asserts 
util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new zip entry taking some information from the given file and using the provided name . 
returns a new builder for an immutable range set . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initiates a scan for all known barcode types with the specified camera . spec spec spec asserts 
returns the version of elasticsearch that the snapshot was created with spec spec spec spec spec spec 
prepare the data structure to speed up the checking process . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
starts an activity if it is exists asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string representing the method s return type given an index into the proto ids table . 
converts the specified data to base encoded string . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method that will return whether the permission is accepted . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a list of methods matching a given name . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculates the angle between two entries points in the chart taking ratios into consideration spec spec asserts 
advances the position until after the next newline character . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
remove an upload from the uploads list known its target account and remote path . spec asserts 
creates a new empty asserts . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if is trailer . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
will throw a nullpointerexception if this valuetype is empty . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compress given bytes with zip deflate . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns all members of given type . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
logs standard statistics information . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove decor objects from this layout . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
run the reaper thread that will delete files as their associated marker objects are reclaimed by the garbage 
recompute a split . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets whether this type is asserts or not . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new exception with null as its detail message . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a persistent data structure does preserve the previous version of itself when being modified and is therefore effectively 
check if this file was already processed . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a material design icon font for the given style spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a number from an array of bytes . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
draws and fills an arrowhead on the given gl instantiation . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates the test image that will be used to feed the encoder . spec spec spec asserts 
expands the spatial nodes of the specified pair . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compute the set of exceptions that can be thrown from the given basic block . spec spec 
draws the data series . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
actualiza los valores de un documento modificado asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an instance of the specified class using the specified classloader object . spec spec spec asserts 
returns the intersection of this box with a asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
draws a connected series of line segments specified by a list of spec . spec spec asserts 
finds all node pairs that are not adjacent in an input graph asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the database specific sql command to find triggered tables spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the common parts of next across different types of iterators spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
overriding this method so that we can reduce the target area for certain keys . spec asserts 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
computes normalized coordinates x i x i x mean asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method was generated by mybatis generator . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
copy the tm of a repository into another repository . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
provide reflective behavior to construct instance of generator given an array of string arguments . spec spec 
trim a given string to asserts if it is over asserts . spec spec spec spec asserts 
creates the change with a time stamp to restore . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cumulatively sets successive registers to asserts register max value by adding specifically constructed values to a sparse hll 
description of the method spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
you recovered num mp due to the effect of skillname . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
schedule a task for repeated fixed rate execution after a specific time has been reached . spec 
sends that alive tag by adding it to the process message sender queue . spec spec spec 
permissions request result callback asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
remove activity from stack asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests that inherited resource references are found r fields in generated in dependent modules . spec spec 
constructs an invalidpasswordexception object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a properties object from a single string converting symbols to end of line characters for parsing . 
construct a rectangle from minimum and maximum latitudes and longitudes . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compares the specified obj parameter with this compositetype instance for equality . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a descriptor from the script object asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
introduced in dom level . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
notifies observers about invalidating data asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates whether or not a geometry is double sided . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
computes a point which is the average of all coordinates in a sequence . spec spec asserts 
write a character . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an batchupdateexception object . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
saves or updates the external script . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the bcubed f measure asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
enumerate the names of the classes in this dex file . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the value of the s asserts property . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
overrides filterinputstream . read to update the progress monitor after the read . spec spec spec asserts 
on touch image section asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
transforms one window of asserts . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes an action listener previously added with the method asserts . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new response delivery interface mockable version for testing . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an imagewriteparam set to use a given locale . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method is used to hide a keyboard after a user has finished typing the url . 
check if we have at least one key whose corresponding channels is ready for i o operations . 
creates the new stop listener . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new stringmanager for a given package . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write your own initialization here asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
decodes the specified binary variable into its real value . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
extracts the tabs from a stack and append them into a list . spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new userinfo . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an hcard document . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
encodes an object using the metaphone algorithm . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method only works at asserts therefore may only be used for tree constructing . spec asserts 
copies content of resource to the given file spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
divide and conquer . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
tell if the table contains the given node . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a factor times one row to another row spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
removes one single im from the user asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
whether the server path is fixed which is when the change server path configuration value is not set 
whether application is in background need use permission android . permission . get tasks in manifest . xml 
creates a map using the given table buffer source storage engine factory initial table size and concurrency . 
determines if the target or target group represented by the passed synchronization object path is linked to the 
allows the user to provide an alias for a particular table . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
blocks all available gateways asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
create the view controller . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes all parser notice highlights for a specific parser . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the asserts accepts a certain collection . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
if there is no variable named name a new variable with the given type name and offset is 
create a new memory realm . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
force buffered operations to the filesystem . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of spec associated with the given datagramchannel . spec spec spec spec spec 
aobject is a possibly null object field and possibly an array . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
deletes a file retrying if necessary . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write your own initialization here asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
use tango camera intrinsics to calculate the projection matrix for the rajawali scene . spec spec asserts 
requirements changed along the minor axis . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create title part based on the sensor configuration being assigned . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns jsonobject mapping of the object spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the next node in the iteration . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this set contains the specified element . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if method has an explicit asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
shuffling algorithm randomly permutes the specified array asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this constructs an instance from a factory and a notifier . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads the commands from the import file and performs them . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
returns bytes of a request header for sending on an http transport . spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if can run a task given current run state and run after shutdown parameters . 
returns true if one of the global blocks as its disable state persistence flag set . spec 
creates a new list with a single valued attribute with the specified name and value . asserts 
returns whether a provider has been registered for a service . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates whether this file permission includes the owner execute permission . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a viewer . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return a short description of the total running time . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
finds the feature associated with this path . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convenience method to park and then check if interrupted asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove cookie with web user by setting user to spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
gets nodes left count . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
discard last cid information up to the specified regency asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
this method was generated by mybatis generator . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether an option is not a cache key . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this class does not need to be instantiated . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a new asserts . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a chemical asserts chamber recipe . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
run one iteration of the test skipping it if a failure was found on a prior iteration since 
asserts implementation only supports encoded keys that are multiple of bytes . spec spec spec spec spec 
calculate the vector from this agent to the provided one . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
here is a relative link in a method relative method link . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new motionevent copying from an existing one . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
by default asserts . always is in place and we let the relationship repositories load the relations . 
creates an x privatecredential that associates an x . certificate a private key and the keystore alias . 
shows or hides the results dialog . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets up the gui components . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
modify this range with another range . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method is invoked whenever the entry is removed from the table . spec spec spec asserts 
util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates provider icons . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
builds the asserts object asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
add a schema object to the database . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
print a char to standard output and flush standard output . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ignore repeat events for now asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invalidates an entry in the cache . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts to use if you need the savedinstancestate asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
stops the animation thread . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a shape mapping rule to this shapeaction . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method searches for a metadata container of the given type . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
start the connectedthread to begin managing a bluetooth connection asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the last component of the list . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the string representation of the condition asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
draws the grid background asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
describes an image . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cannot be enchanted . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a sha message digest . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs and throws a wrongnumberargexception with the appropriate message for this function object . spec spec asserts 
adds the new user styled layer . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
left justify a string . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes the contents of this cacheheader to the specified outputstream . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
parse a qualified string e . g . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of anonymous guard . spec spec spec 
creates a java template context . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
logical filter resolver will return the left and right filter asserts node for filter evaluation so in this 
returns the labelui implementation used for the skins look and feel . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculates hmac given the byte data and the secure random key spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
override equals and agree that we re equal if the passed object is a string and it matches 
create a new widget and add it to panel menu . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
retrieves the full set of infos about out of order migrations applied to the db . spec 
converts a string to a uri . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new output file and writes the header information . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
this method resets the incoming events time events included . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
appends a tag that indicates text which should be more asserts than surrounding text . spec asserts 
converts a asserts rooted in a workspace into the corresponding set of spec rooted in the relevant asserts 
process the ack request . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test database connection . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
configure streaming cache . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
leave an inner syntactic scope deleting all inner symbols asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new session id . . . perhaps for a spec session spec spec spec asserts 
when we come upon an ignored tag we mark it with an annotation object with a specific key 
returns a non empty string representation of this optional suitable for debugging . spec spec spec asserts 
asserts that two ints are equal . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates contextedexception with cause and message . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this task completed . spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new asserts from the parent login module with a timeout value . spec spec asserts 
creates a new handler . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
refresh lucene index query the lucene indexes on key column to see if there are any existing indexes 
moves the specified file to the specified directory . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests that selecting a user causes a transition to the asserts selection screen . spec spec asserts 
get an itemstack of one spawn egg asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new annotation with the given properties . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
preferred spacing between labels and other components . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove a url to the store of urls . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates the builder . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
note that asserts is a dragsourcelistener itself so asserts and dsl can be the same object . 
creates a file with a non conflicting file name in a specified folder based on an existing file 
prepares and throws an assertionerror exception based on the message cause the active state and the potential errors 
provides access to the key of the mapping at the iterator s position . spec spec spec 
ensures that all pending data is sent out to the target stream . spec spec spec asserts 
performs an occlusion test between a slot and the specificed multipart container . spec spec spec spec 
read and return the next double . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method limits the response text in this sample app to two paragraphs . spec spec asserts 
create a x attributecertificateholder from the passed in bytes . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
init the http library . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a value to all the elements asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a java . lang . long converter that throws a conversionexception if an error occurs . 
write contents to file asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cause initialization to take place . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs a new frame that is identical to the given frame . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
webview load finish check . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
put string to byte asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns true if the trace width of this class is not equal on all layers . spec 
you restored num of skilltarget s hp by using skillname . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new samza stream partition from a specified partition number . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is the command currently applicable ? asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the maximum number of bytes that this cache should use to store its data . asserts 
returns the current lexical state . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clears all model content . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
shut down a running server nicely . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
animates the drawing rendering of the chart on both x and y axis with the specified animation time 
barrier for writes of address s into fields of instances i . e . spec spec asserts 
creates an omraster appropriate for projection and other parameters from a buffered image . spec spec asserts 
initialize the view in the layout asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a rollover border for toolbar components . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
multiply two long integers checking for overflow . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the class using the provided input asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
adds a new http request header . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a cipheroutputstream from an outputstream and a bufferedblockcipher . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parses a single emote set . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
inflates view s from the specified xml file . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the execution in the separate thread happens here . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test griddeploymentmode . shared mode . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a sort possibly in reverse specifying how the sort value from the document s set is selected 
creates a global marketplace for the given owner . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
render a printable version of this rule . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
no database tables used so all supported asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
add spawn points . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests whether a string is a valid uri reference . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
whois server displayed in rdap query responses . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
writes an amount object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
creates item layouts if necessary asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write out an attribute list escaping values . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
marks object to be saved as indirect . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new packet with values . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
unsubscribe and close the resources . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert a file to a row vector asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new instance of asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gives notification that something was removed from the document in a location that this view is responsible for 
modify file system export unexport etc asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns all the items that are similar to the item fast version . spec spec spec asserts 
construct an empty stringdatatype . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the specified character is a supplemental character . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
close the connection to the backing service . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get a new instance of this postaggregation with the given size . spec spec spec spec spec 
creates a new instance . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates the string representing the url at which the principal id from session token functionality can be consumed 
reads a list of figures into the specified drawing . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
as with asserts run the inline phase for a local class . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
when called prevents the min max values from being set until the next animation cycle . spec 
add a command to a server spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method returns the flat list of communication summary stats . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds complete information about a simple line mapping . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines whether the id represents a nonterminal . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
moves a file to a directory . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
appends the vm selection messages to the header already created . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
postmultiplies this matrix with a scale matrix . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs and animgameitem instace based on a md model an md animation asserts spec spec spec asserts 
hide the mode cover without animation . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convenience method to return a collection as a delimited e . g . spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new data item . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert the specified charsequence to an input stream encoded as bytes using the specified character encoding . 
finds descriptor of the last header and installs sizes of files spec spec spec spec spec spec 
writes a stream of ascii characters to this sqloutputimpl object . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
iterate over the whole index . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
update rollout details . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds view to cache . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
implements the comparable interface . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if two authentication status objects are equal . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new asserts based in asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
check the requirements of a table cell that spans a single column . spec spec spec asserts 
attach and load an agent class . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method for setting value of a field to specified binary value spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write the extension to the deroutputstream . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an n x n index map enabling quick access to the circular buffer samples . spec 
updates breakpoint status for a given breakpoint id asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add mode pt to any link of the network that is passed by any spec of the schedule 
process the any in dialog request message bye info update . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs all test cases in this test suite asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize wildfly specific configuration map . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is this hours instance greater than the specified number of hours . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method was generated by mybatis generator . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method registers the default algorithms . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets whether the scale gesture is enabled or not . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the current routing is identical to the other routing in all but meta fields i 
utility function to dump the feed as xml to the provided stream . spec spec spec asserts 
tells whether the given ipv address is in the given cidr ip range spec spec spec asserts 
converts an array of raw binary data into an array of ascii and character bytes each byte is 
function will update player quest slot . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
tests reading files by filedatasource . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a copy of the specified buffer with the specified new size . spec spec spec asserts 
show matrix used to debug asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
this method is used to convert the provided value into an xml usable format . spec asserts 
check if that object is the scope self main subject spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
shows the specified view in the workbench . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
read a int bytes from the buffer . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
private helper method . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates the local configuration object . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
throws the configured exception . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
setup the green gradient asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
performs common bookkeeping for poll and take replaces first element with last and sifts it down . 
invokes the installui method on each ui handled by this object . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates whether mark is supported . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new peerunavailableexception with the specified error message and specialized cause that triggered this error condition . 
returns the same value as the hasmoretokens method . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
only return a instance if the resource is a valid bundle otherwise it returns null spec spec 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
compares the key val pair with the match condition . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
starts the async process . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parses the phone context parameter in tel urls asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculates and sets the new average of time differences . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
draws a rectangle in the given coordinates asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
a named binary tag library for asserts project asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
bind asserts layout component to some field asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
returns true if the provided obj exported by asserts . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
write one byte to the underlying stream . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
of edges of vertices no cycles use dfs to do cycle detection connected which means all nodes are 
handle hypertext link activation . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reset operations by deleting xml files leaves directories and backup files in place . spec spec asserts 
returns true if o is equal to this . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
marks this basic block as belonging to the given subroutine . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs an http error response exception with a cause status code status description and response message . 
encode source code and persist the content list asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of eip model . spec spec spec 
checks if this asset is valid asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a new asserts with the default settings . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a hash code for this instance . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
divide rounding mode is round half even result is negative equidistant asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
required sets the longitude of the location you want to send spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
copy the given collection into a string array . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes all fields which are stored to the provided field key . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
skilltarget is in the see through state because skillcaster used skillname . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
copies all bytes in given inputstream until eof to given outputstream . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
perform a http post request and track the android context which initiated the request . spec asserts 
create a new transformerfactoryconfigurationerror with no detail message . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
optional attribute for setting the decor to be drawn behind the viewpager . spec spec spec asserts 
make sure the current save location will be the primary external if the media being unmounted is the 
find the current native event id in the dbms and wait until it reaches the log . 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
create a harness class with a main method that includes calls into all the entry points of the 
initializes a new delegatingdatagramsocket instance which implements the datagramsocket functionality . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
generate code to perform a putfield barrier for a unboxed word field when the field is at a 
generates a snippet of java code suitable for pasting into a junit test spec spec spec spec 
enable clustered session storage in requests . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generate a file name which represent a specific date . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
called if a type other than the simple ones we know about is passed in . spec 
reports an error that occured while scanning . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
use the set methods to set the values of the attributes . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the k means clustering algorithm . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if anode is a child of this node . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
linear interpolation between the previous and current physics state based on the amount of timestep remaining after processing 
creates a script of the form op return data . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance with the given detail message and cause . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
evaluates the challenge data and generates a response . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets an approximate source code location for a node if possible . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
move viewport to new x y spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
barrier for writes of doubles into fields of instances i . e . spec spec spec asserts 
it model is saved clear the saved state and model becomes unsaved . spec spec spec asserts 
ctor for use to create an expression tree without child expression . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
crea una nueva asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
this will build a snapshot h . jar file and upload it to the local maven repository . 
performs a simple surface query . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
allocates a direct float buffer and populates it with the vertex data . spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the child array to the correct size . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the value of the current char to the next character or if the end of stream has 
creates a asserts with the given text at the given globe position . spec spec spec spec 
returns a flag denoting whether the object is visible and ready to receive a message true or still 
check to see if a biped mech has a asserts in one of its arms spec asserts 
main method for testing this class asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a long value to the request . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get advice by key return null if it doesn t exist spec spec spec spec spec spec 
is this a critical command that can only be executed when no other command is running ? 
ensures that the specified array cannot hold more than maxcapacity elements . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create new asserts with the given string spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
does this import element import a new name directly into the toplevel namespace of the compilation unit . 
calculates the asserts intensity asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct the asserts with the coveragetable it is helping . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
function for decreasing a key asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
validates if origin matches the cors requirements . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if at this time the object will accept a connection according to the supplied event name 
writes len bytes from the specified byte array starting at offset off to this buffered output stream . 
creates a new instance of spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clears node data . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
set color of current element to given one may be null . spec spec spec spec asserts 
basic test showing effect of includepad true spacingadd asserts . when wrapping to lines . spec spec 
creates a new instance of spec that access to the default settings file spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of a cache spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads from input and initalizes the value in the holder with the unmarshalled data . spec asserts 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
whether this attribute is of type jspfragment . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invokes the delegate s write int method . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cancels the dialog . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
pretty formatting for minutes . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the policy object and reads the default policy configuration file s into the policy object . 
close a connection . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
x y screen placement . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the contents of a byte as a string using the specified character encoding . spec spec 
create prices for roles for user assignment in price model . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates the attributedcharacteriterator by invoking asserts on the format . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resets the price . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a permission to the asserts . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
this method does not decode the data it must be called with the data already decoded correctly by 
test unmodifiable objects tostring methods asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
use this method to check if the block can grow outwards on a rope spec spec asserts 
save the checksums for the resources that get written to the swc . spec spec spec asserts 
get the size of the contour i . e . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a to value asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
this method just invokes the test utils method it is here for convenience spec spec spec asserts 
filter out the services which user don t have access to spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ads ids separated by comma . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cause the caret to be painted . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the name of ruby class for the given proto element . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
wrap a byte into a string . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clean out the state asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates or update the metadata stored at the node associated with the name and uri spec asserts 
counts the number of bits in the specified integer this is also referred to as population count . 
the sax enddocument method . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the stroke width of all elements corresponding to the width of the viewbox spec . asserts 
initialize the progress bar s default values progress max animation duration ms indeterminate false behavior repeat asserts 
creates the asserts object with the provided topic value . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the given fixed node from the control flow and deletes it . spec spec spec asserts 
writes next block of compressed data to the output stream . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check whether this is an windows environment . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize the defaults table with the name of the resourcebundle used for getting localized defaults . asserts 
invokes the post response plugins . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
handle profile list changes from the asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check equivalence of parsers this simply tests equality of parser names spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
swaps the x and y coordinates of your touch event . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this sets up the broadcast asserts . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
write a portion of an array of characters . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
we only create this kind of nodes programatically . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if drawing values above bars is enabled false if not asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds error node to root element with error code . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new asserts object . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines if the text has a match for the given pattern . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the given expression to the expression list and returns itself . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
flushes and closes i think in the superclass the stream . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
callback procedure that subclasses can override to execute custom quality control measures . spec spec spec asserts 
answer a new compilationunitvisitor using the given name environment and compiler options . spec spec spec asserts 
changes the current keyboardfocusmanager s default focustraversalpolicy to asserts . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
der is an international standard for serializing data structures which is widely used in cryptography . asserts 
creates new environment . spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
decode the value length type for wsp pdu asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
allows sorting of the nodes using their respective controllers asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
read a character and return its value as if it were a hexidecimal digit . spec asserts 
initialize the sdk . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct and returns a new d matrix of the corresponding dynamic type sharing the same cells . 
delete everything with a specific predicate and object a literal . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set this to false if you don t need the included actionbardrawertoggle asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new block . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add shift modifier . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method will update the aggval it will add new value to aggval spec spec spec asserts 
perform layout for the major axis of the box i . e . spec spec spec spec 
getter to check whether the runtime replacement for time was accessed during test execution asserts spec asserts 
execute get to get jsonobject by mesh net asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
hook method called when an activity loses focus but is still visible in background . spec spec 
creates a new instance of spec . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string with visible whitespace characters removing the invisible ones . spec spec spec spec spec 
called when the mouse is clicked . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
paints a tiled icon . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a method invocation from a method tree and a list of argument trees . spec asserts 
return a string rendering of this object . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new identity for an xmpp entity . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resets the next entry id counter to zero . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts the piece into a character for the material diff . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
adds a sink to the network on the side specified spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
verify that a given material is a valid item . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parse the input and set the majorversion accordingly . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
create a pareto distribution using the specified scale and shape . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
controls the shard routing of the delete request . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create query input stream asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the links to all of the documents hosted in this node . spec spec spec asserts 
removes the specified focus listener so it no longer receives focus events from this component . asserts 
reset to pristine condition asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
changes the configured fitness with the java class asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
maphandlerchild methods modified to look for the dtedframecache and omdrawingtool . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
this program creates a linenumberreader and tries to find all the non whitespace characters in the file . 
constructs a new oauth asserts with a redirect uri . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the element at the given index but only if the previous value was the expected value . 
connects to the asserts using the specified jersey client . spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
gwt maven plugin test launch asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
obtain a display of the script outputs . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes a character to the output stream with the correct encoding . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
copy an existing object to another one . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new completion proposal . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write a telegram to serial port implementation of serialhandler asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts unregisters native methods asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
encode a stub into the asserts . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the max select . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks state of unterminated phaser . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize the velocity runtime engine using default properties plus the properties in the passed in java . util 
get a number of cryptographically secure pseudo random bytes . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
notifies all listeners that have registered interest for notification on this event type . spec spec asserts 
creates a public key object from the given encoded key . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
marks current test as failed . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a uf test problem with decision variables . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new progressstatusevent spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new tfloatarraylist instance with the specified capacity . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prompts the user for input in a blocking dialog where the initial selection possible selections and all other 
initialize the column number of the script statement causing the error . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
don t remove any attribute without checking values asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs the new get snapshot request asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
warm up the browser process . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes transit routes without link sequences and not used stop facilities from the schedule . spec asserts 
initializes default directory paths . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the node attributes . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates and persists a new partition key group entity . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
tells whether a given attribute is defined . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks for the presence of val in the values of the map . spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new guacamoleexception with the given message and cause . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
parses the breakpoints options . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
put a key boolean pair in the jsonobject . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
deletes the specified asserts from the config . json . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a vector from part of an array . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
drawing an image can allow for more flexibility in processing editing . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reset the instance as if built from a pole . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
establishes a processing stage . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
return the cached hashcode of the qualified name . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
double value of a large negative bigdecimal asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
hides the asserts dialogue window . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
binds a specific texture to this artist . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
answer the receiver s constant pool name . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an instance . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
has no effect . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the stack priority of an operator asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
create the editableomdistance setting the state machine to create the poly off of the gestures . asserts 
ensures the truth of an expression involving one or more parameters to the calling method . spec 
create the asserts with all the usual sub controls . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
finds the row where a given product is . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether or not the aggressive variant of romma is used spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
the numbers here are to asserts not to asserts . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new read memory reply . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compare a given number of steps between two iterators to see if they are equal . spec 
if true the result indicates a successful computation otherwise it s a failure . spec spec asserts 
the graphical representation of a triangle point shape . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convenience method for making a simple put request on a resource . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
describes this property . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks light reference of text . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if field value is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise spec asserts 
write a raster in the response . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a wrapper for the given datawrapper . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
change the parameter and return the hastings ratio . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
apply scaling to this matrix by uniformly scaling all base axes by the given xyz factor . 
returns a copy of the population . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the text matched by the current regular expression . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
transform a rectangle with all matrices with potential animation phases . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
selects the minimum value found from the iterator using the closure to determine the correct ordering . 
construct a jsonarray from an array asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
add a runnable to finish or wait for a deferred operation started in this context earlier . 
load configuration from other configuration object asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns asserts attributes aplicable to the request asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the astnode that corresponds to this javaelement or null if there is no corresponding node . 
configures a list cell renderer and sets up sizing and the backing image from it spec asserts 
returns the best number of iterations spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
as of java platform v . this method is no longer used . spec spec spec asserts 
installs the jsse provider . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates the tag . spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new defaultattributecondition object . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new entity . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sends this request . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
do a merge of the genericobjects contained in this list with the genericobjects in the mergelist . 
build a batch starting at asserts . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
after this call getwarnings returns null until a new warning is reported for this connection . asserts 
restart a secure connection suspended waiting for user interaction . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resolves instances being deserialized into instances registered with cmm . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clone the input vector so that this vector has the same values . spec spec spec asserts 
internal method used to calculate the pitch asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
write an array of floats asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes string to output stream asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns current time from the system . currenttimemillis function . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a list of structural property descriptors for this node type . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
put a key long pair in the jsonobject . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
fills dst with bytes from in throwing eofexception if insufficient bytes are available . spec spec asserts 
stop refresh reset header view . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new jdbc authentication provider module that configures the various injected base classes using the given environment 
contructor used by the factory methods . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs all test cases in this test suite asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new routeheader based on the newly supplied address value . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an immutable list containing the given elements in order . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
overridden to be more flexible and pass events with key combinations . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize variables to correspond with cas type and features asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
throws an error if a pre condition is not verified spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns if the issuing distribution point criteria should be applied . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set the direction of the camera . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
paints the background of a color chooser . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
additional post processing can happen in derived classes after reading from xml . spec spec spec asserts 
determines whether or not the data for this output stream has been retained in memory . spec 
returns whether the given node and the other object match . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new solr cluster . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when the appwidget provider for a appwidget has been upgraded to a new apk . spec 
do first letter upper case asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
draw the icon at the specified location . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new poolingbytearrayoutputstream with a default size . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the number of data paths in the filter . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
stop reconciling positions . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
animates the contextual search panel to its peeked state . spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a datainputstream and saves its argument the input stream in for later use . spec asserts 
batch scoring method . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
does the background needs to be redone asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns a copy of this datetime with a different time zone preserving the field values . asserts 
main method for testing this class . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether the call is originating from a google signed package . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an immutable map containing the given entries with keys sorted by the provided comparator . spec 
read byte array written with a writableableutils . vint prefix . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a range from a range lt integer gt . tostring value . spec spec spec asserts 
the natural log of the probability density function of the distribution spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks wheather the nd rectangle is contained in the first rectangle spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
register an observer to be notified of inotifications with a given name . spec spec spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
rect defined in decimal degrees x y is upper left corner . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
should only be used by asserts subclass asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
triggered by onclick event to be overriden . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new dataexception with a message text . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new length limited stream spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an integer array of defined length and random contents with a defined total sum . spec 
constructs a new dynamic renderer with the specified buffer image . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a notification id to the notifications associated with the trigger . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
setup value for thread . getcontextclassloader . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the asserts is a fieldnode . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
dump known oids to stdout for use in constant definitions . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
removes the specified permission from this attachment . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
binary search used to get the first tentative block of the btree based on search key asserts 
metodo que escribe en el fichero pasado como parametro las asserts de spec del sistema para los asserts 
locates the end of the word at the specified position . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts that access disk on behalf of the given region . spec spec spec 
add a node . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
produce a string from a double . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
deletes this entry from the fibonacci heap that contains it . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resends a previously cached soap request message to wsp . spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
replaces all missing values in the instance with the values contained in the given array . asserts 
compares this partial with another returning an integer indicating the order . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is a given feature enabled on this formatter ? asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts test if device has combined bar only for tablet with honeycomb or ics spec spec asserts 
extracts specified entries from jar file via zipfile . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
moves the selected object up and down in list of asserts . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
queries whether the given conditionobject uses this synchronizer as its lock . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the string encoded version of this object asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
visit procedure create node asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compares a string with a string spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a bundle that contains the information stored in this cache spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
send a debug log message asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prepare jsonparser and find out the home folder . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
retrieve listing of secrets expiring soon asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test a line segment for intersection with this plane . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
update the blocksnapshot object to reference the parent volume blockconsistencygroup . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method to handle qnames asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
create asserts scope from stackable asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invoked when instrumentation objects are updated . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new exception object . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates new exception with http status code fault code and fault message . spec spec spec spec 
visits a label . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a c dtlz test problem with the specified number of variables and objectives . spec spec 
read sky light from buffer . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ask whether we support a given dom feature . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the express checkout details via asserts method of pay asserts payment gateway spec spec spec asserts 
no pop anim asserts at left asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
resets the scanner to read from a new input stream . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a test dataset . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get an iterator that will contain the composite s jamonlistener objects . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the size of the full document object by summing the graph and histogram sizes of the document 
translates the given key into a key from this key factory . spec spec spec spec spec 
test stemming with variant set explicitly to asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
display a toast notification to the user asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs the asserts given the dataeditor that its attached to . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cross calculates the cross product of this vector with a parameter vector v . the result is stored 
call this method to cancel the drag reposition action asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
shuts down the connection manager and releases allocated resources . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
logs laf fonts at the trace level . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the dom implementation handled by this helper supports the sax contenthandler interface . spec 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
test deployer creation for embedded containers . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this allows us to compute the length of the output stream when stream is closed . asserts 
construct a default asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new set identical to the specified set . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new power host utilization history . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a csv file containing the public transport stops or measure points asserts spec spec spec asserts 
main method for calling asserts from command line . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
flush all data that has been recorded but not written to disk . spec spec spec asserts 
this read method will read the contents of the xml document from the provided source and populate the 
check if the current leaf element is a match with the filter text . spec spec asserts 
send all asserts events asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cleans up the object when it s destroyed . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
two players are equal if their ids are equal asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicate a graceful shutdown where deletes the auto save because it is not needed . spec asserts 
returns the overflow strategy asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
inserts a value into the set unless it is already present . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether the schema name in create table is supported . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parses an assumptions block . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a samplemodel with the specified width and height that has a data layout compatible with this colormodel 
read in a string . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts that two doubles are equal concerning a delta . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if the given index is in range . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an instance . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
centers the given box with spec to the given axis by setting an appropriate shift value . 
this would be a costly operation . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
removes all of the mappings from this map . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if headers transition on back key support is enabled . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
close any open connection to the directory server for this realm . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
divides asserts into ranks and assigns each individual s rank to be the rank it was placed into 
returns true if this node s radio is active false if not asserts spec spec spec asserts 
unpacks the compressed character translation table . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a new shipment builder . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an imagetypespecifier from a renderedimage . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is this a valid monetary function request asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
connects a parent node with a child node . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts the byte array subset to a hex string . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
change current user s avatar asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of the asserts . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sample app that listens to etcd at port . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if we are resolving all class refs recursively . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
accept a visitor and call the appropriate method for this class . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the fraction as an int . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method called when the user has been informed with a rationale and agrees to continue with the permission 
creates an object with assumed rdf types . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
bootstrap method for method calls with this as receiver safe spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new route planning problem . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
build a resized vector for use with append . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create the header for the main method including the saving of args and the start of the loop 
get a new instance of this postaggregation with the given func . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
copies google auto value s strategy of hash code generation spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if a subregion of a segment is equal to a character array . spec spec asserts 
present the final image on the screen viewport . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
visit all components below the specified container . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new cronexpression based on the specified parameter . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an asserts that writes xml files with an enclosing root element of the supplied name . 
returns the tip text for this property asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the asserts reads lines from the irc server and allows the pircbot to handle them . asserts 
removes and transfers all nodes . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new exception object . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an input source from a byte stream . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
grow an array to a size that is larger than minsize preserving content and potentially reusing part of 
join items on separator appending the result to out . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test shared test data validity . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct and returns a new d matrix of the corresponding dynamic type entirelly independent of the receiver . 
dom level did not have a standard mechanism for creating a new document object . spec asserts 
this method is invoked from collections end when an event related to receipt in bill generation occurs . 
constructs a new instanted model editor from a bayes im wrapper . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts make a tree given the structure defined in asserts using the root th node as root . 
wraps a function in such a way the it will push the current execution context before any code 
constructs a new asserts it is recommended you create a new data export class instance each time you 
compares two character sequences for equality . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a asserts . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new mimeversionheader based on the newly supplied mimeversion value . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove from the local map . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
similar to dohandshakeandvalidateservercertificates but exposed to jni for use by chromium https stack to validate the cert chain 
used to store end of pdf components asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convenience method for adding an update action to the workspace s action list the sequence of actions invoked 
does a state pass through a vertex ? asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds param with non string value e . g . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new fixedwidthtexttablereader using the schema at the given location . spec spec spec spec spec 
test of getf momentary method of class abstractthrottle . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets class probability for instance . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
initialize the local edge comments . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes a double value to a byte array at a given offset . spec spec spec asserts 
modify the properties of the client instance in asserts . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
copies elements in original array to a new array from index start inclusive to end exclusive . 
set the sounds to be played when a pull event happens . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
calls dragmousemoved on the dragsourcemotionlisteners registered with the dragsource associated with this dragsourcecontext and them passes the specified 
create a new rectangle with the specified coordinates . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a delegate to the manager and returns the native int used to identify it . asserts 
helper version of asserts that takes values rather than a rectf . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new profile stack frame with the provided information . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a asserts that will use the directory to save a map between keys and files . 
validates the privilege instance . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
run just this test . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
deserializes the given serialized integer . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string representation of the receiver . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
asserts una stringa asserts il asserts al asserts asserts . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this should really be in accessibilitynodeinfocompat but there unfortunately seem to be a few elements that are not 
always returns false since this state machine can never become final . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
notifies a player about reached achievements via private message asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the position of the given absolute rank within the virtual or non virtual internal dimensional array . 
files in order of precedence asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
returns the schema which this element type is associated with . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns a wrapper on the specified map which synchronizes all access to the map . spec asserts 
skillcaster received num damage as it used skillname . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clears the observer list so that this object no longer has any observers . spec spec asserts 
to generate new secret block which generates asserts image by default element in stage . spec spec 
called when an existing package is updated or its disabled state changes . spec spec spec spec 
gets a string representation of the setting . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ruft den wert der asserts eigenschaft ab . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an asynchronous input stream to read the given file . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts the server settings to the model representation and adds them to the collection . spec asserts 
gets the value of the askforusername property . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this condition was created by the given synchronization object . spec spec spec spec 
registers a root node with a given tag size and asserts and adds it to a node registry 
reorder the objects in the array into visual order based on their levels . spec spec asserts 
creates a new context type registry and registers all context types contributed for the given registry id . 
adds the tab . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handles create site request . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes a tree like representation of this node and all of its subnodes recursively and returns it as 
send a message to all plugins . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
observe the input from the driver station for the teleop mode spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a new asserts dialog . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resolves a command class for this node . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
add some patterns where this variable is a relation and the given variable is a spec of that 
traverse the tree in in order fashion and insert all nodes in a list and check for sort 
encode the header into a string . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
finds a nonzero pattern of x l b for sparse l and b . spec spec asserts 
take the url passed when creating the client and ensure the correct protocol is provided spec asserts 
extracts read cv returned value from a message . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts a relative url e . g . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
scales the given y value with current y scale factor spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
elimina la lista descriptora . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
processes the request . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
generates a string representation of the quality code . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
call with all optional args asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new axislabelanimator . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
paints a background for the view . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a block object from the bitcoin wire format . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add addresses from a discovery source to the list of potential peers to connect to . asserts 
creates a new asserts viewport with aspect ratio . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
is input in textual boxes valid . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
get whether or not any network connection is present eg . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the reason of the failure . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
update the game state according to move command string from a player . spec spec spec asserts 
creates new asserts . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return all of the web resource collections protected by this security constraint . spec spec spec asserts 
asserts a new datapoint object asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether the instance has an outlier in the specified attribute or not spec spec spec asserts 
helper method to create a target and start an action on it . spec spec spec asserts 
module retrieve the internal symbol table entry for the symbol module spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a string representation of the lt samlp request gt element . spec spec spec spec asserts 
removes the point from the cloud but doesn t update the bounds automatically . spec spec asserts 
returns a new connect client response builder . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
assigns names to all nameless parameters . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
allocates memory called a stackframe on the stack used to store local variables and parameter arguments . 
returns a string row like representation of the input columns . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
changes the trace list that receives events . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
duplicate this message event . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
make an json text of this jsonobject . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invokes a method on the wrapped object . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
deserializes a mock verifiable entity . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new perceptron learner asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
finds a field by asset type in a collection of fields . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
java . util . arraylist set int java . lang . object asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes the specified byte to this buffered output stream . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
returns the first recurrence . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes all elements from this vector leaving it empty . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a collection of spec to this bugcollection object . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes with the given model asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return a copy of the game state . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new empty asserts with the appropriate kind category to indicate that it is an email list 
clears the value of the content field asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new tool tip generator using the specified number formatters . spec spec spec spec asserts 
f distribution random generator . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the capacity of the vector spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
registers an observer that updates the ui . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
visit an xslt instruction . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
encodes and writes pixel data asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs a visitor which visits all elements . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
performs asserts party discovery on the supplied url . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sum the asserts costs given place attacker commands . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
entry point for the example application . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the range between min max as possible hue values for this range . spec spec asserts 
initializes the first block by the given method descriptor . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an impp property that contains an asserts impp property . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new element object . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the index for a given path . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the size of the list . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the specified attribute name and its values from the attribute set . spec spec spec asserts 
indicates whether the cursor is before the first row in this cachedrowsetimpl object . spec spec asserts 
creates spi attribute name by adding prefix to the attribute name . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
selects the given range on the editor . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method was generated by mybatis generator . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the asserts object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
put a short value out to the specified bb position in big endian format . spec asserts 
get the current month in range through . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
flushes and closes i think in the superclass the stream . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an xml element to represent this entry . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
basic test to check that asserts tcp urgent byte is received . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts returns true if array is a latin square asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reset all components before parsing . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a new http session to this site . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
will validate that the specified sso token id is valid or not . spec spec spec asserts 
create a clob value from this reader . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if wi fi needs to be enabled and start if needed this function is used only at 
if the current user has a specific authority security role . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
asserts that the given boolean is true . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
introspect the class . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method returns the intersection of two sets spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
inserts the specified element at the front of this deque . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handles the inputmethodtextchanged event by invoking the inputmethodtextchanged methods on listener a and listener b . asserts 
removes all of the premove drops from premoves . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if specified object is instance of specified class . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new entity with the given content content type and charset . spec spec spec spec 
set corner radius for all corners in density independent pixels . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds all code methods of clazz add its super classes to signatures . spec spec spec asserts 
writes out a header entry to the response output stream appending r n . spec spec asserts 
validates the public network interface and its document have been removed . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
description of the method spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this is an unmatched request node . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
stops listening for statistics updates . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether the thread is still running . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
reads the next token in backward direction from the heuristic scanner and sets the fields ftoken fpreviousposition and 
write an embedded message field including tag to the stream . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
predict file transfer time . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
displays some properties of the instances asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a check box menu item with the specified text icon and selection state . spec spec 
add the supplied vector to this one . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
makes the given visitor visit this local variable declaration . spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns whether vertical alignment is done internally or externally asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
build field and its annotations . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the specified action with the specified constraint . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
display usage error text asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
convert an object to json text . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method to encode the date time as specified in the si specification . spec spec spec asserts 
skillcaster recovered from the transformation by using skillname . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the contents at the given uri . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a new switchpreference with default style options . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
checks to see if any references exist for this uri uses dependency list created from relational indices 
perform layout for the major axis of the box i . e . spec spec spec spec 
sets the x and y values of this vector to their absolute value . spec spec asserts 
removes all sequences from this collection . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks that the given field access conforms to jsweet contraints . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
appends a byte array to the payload asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a minimal instance using the parent s default model and the field s name as its bound 
creates a pair . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates a version filename prepended with the stable storage directory path with the current version number as a 
test getting an instance variable of a cousin class . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
damages the area surrounding the caret to cause it to be repainted . spec spec spec asserts 
ctor for a functional swing object with no prexisting adapter spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method always returns true asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a disposable object which will be disposed when the specified view is disposed . spec asserts 
creates the topic matcher . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method to handle qnames asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
gets the value of the asserts property . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
command line entry point . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
construye un objeto de la clase . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a cache key for an exclude group set . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
outputs formats as a comma separated list . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a value to the value of this instance . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the number of foos where uuid and companyid . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
set the timeout time for this session if it wasn t already set . spec spec asserts 
creates a new ui object for the given component . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new asserts based on a given spin function . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
perform a http delete request . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
if the byte has the form xxx then it s the first byte of a six bytes sequence 
constructs a new term query . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
perform the specified op on this region and the specified rect . asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
releases any resources associated with the surface . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether players npc s etc . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
same effect as the field graphqlfielddefinition . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check to see if id names an asserts class in env . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find model by primary keys asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes an empty symbol table . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
send an intent to asserts to either create update or destroy the notification identified by tabid . 
creates a asserts that wraps the specified byte source . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set the text color of the buttons when clicked asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a asserts as converted from the given string asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
closes the current tar entry asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the signum of p value . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
update fm recorder mode with given mode from fm service spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
look at mediawikiparserfactory for a description . . . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a validation message to asserts with code . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
either closes the selected tab or notifies the listener that a tab was clicked . spec spec 
read the vendor data from the channelbuffer asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
show an info with a specific title spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
records that a particular interval is potentially available for reuse . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
loads a long from the memory location pointed to by the current instance . spec spec asserts 
copies the given attributeset to a new set converting any css attributes found to arguments of an html 
increments the access count by one . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
iterates over the data item of the category dataset to find the range bounds . spec spec 
prints a int as a string separated by . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
on asserts on client when the instantiator gets loaded and if it has static initializer which registers instantiators 
a a b asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
if the start end trim are offset to begin with store them so that animation starts from that 
send an error log message . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of eobject . spec spec spec asserts 
asserts a block of pixels . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests rollback message to be marked as redelivered . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
writes a varchar or char inserts the correct sized prefix for mysql varchar . spec spec asserts 
returns a new builder for an immutable range map . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets all tracks back to normal asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
registers construction code to be ran when the component is first created . spec spec spec asserts 
add an option name value pair to the term e . g . spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new internal search operation with the provided information . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
this is the complement to the java . beans . introspector . spec string method . asserts 
copy all the entries into the asserts it will overwrite any duplicate keys . spec spec spec 
construct a midifileformat with a set of properties . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
creates stream for decoding . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a new uninitialized instance of this object s class . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the graphical representation of the legend shape . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
use the set methods to set the values of the attributes . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
public method to set up for initialization of a serial node spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get an enumeration of the keys of the jsonobject . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
method to handle qnames asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
parse env and return it in properties asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new replyprocessor that wants replies from a single member of a distributed system . spec 
creates a new instance of insectdocumentgraph spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add the lit source to mine just as if it was mine asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the model with no statistics . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the key store password string argument . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the integer value of the score . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
negate a positive number . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if current service configuration uses the realm model to store the configuration data . spec 
long missing facet count asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates stage s viewport . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new vector from the given vector and z spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a formatted string using the specified locale format string and arguments . spec spec spec asserts 
return a derobject containing the encoded certificate . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs with a cordovaplugin already instantiated . spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if the version is greater than or equal to . . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prints some information about this gaussian component . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
simple edges bidirectional equality based analysis between variable nodes . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates attributetypeandvalue with oid and attributevalue . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invokes the uninstallui method on each ui handled by this object . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new rdfinserter object that preserves bnode ids and that does not enforce any context upon statements 
produce a random sample of the given dbids . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the description of this asserts . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether this sub entity is enabled asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
query a feature as identified by the given asserts as to whether the given spec is a known 
tests in line comments with following commas . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
utility for parsing the http basic authentication username . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
below method will be used to fill the data based on offset and row id spec asserts 
adds an element to the element . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
execute the fallbacks when an extension is not available . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a paragraphview for the given element . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicator if this class has extended indexing turned on . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if current phrase is monotone according to the hierarchical model . spec spec spec spec 
processes all the fragments that make up the description . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
schedules disposing of the selected asset . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a scanner on the array . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
util to convert an unsigned int to an unsigned byte spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
closes all currently open statements . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
moves the caret position according to the mouse pointer s current location . spec spec spec asserts 
removes a range of bytes . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a named unique location identity for read operations against immutable memory . spec spec spec asserts 
the current full version number as a string . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
field to exclude during indexing . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
builds the ball tree top down . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
computes a hash code corresponding to the given objects . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the model is applicable to the current example . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when a view has been clicked . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if end of file reached . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
does this parseexception contain a list of parse issues ? spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
blast some random strings through the analyzer asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates the source code panel but does not put anything in it . spec spec spec spec 
sample usage of the asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
obtains a hash code for this scheme . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads the mime types and their associated inc dec factors in a hashmap spec spec spec spec 
binary log finds the smallest power k such that k n spec spec spec spec spec spec 
set the payment type asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates services hashtable for all registered providers asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
shows if embedded fonts present on page just decoded asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
creates a new border with the specified color . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
triggers the update of the datastore . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check that this object is ready to operate . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
does this edge represent an exception register live dependence ? spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a calculator using the parameter information below . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new interleaved vertexbufferobject . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
called when topic protection is enabled for a channel . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
do we skip posting the game summary and save to a forum or email ? spec asserts 
report a fatal xml parsing error . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
grab the total query string asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new aggregateableevaluation object based on an evaluation object spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the log density of the standard normal . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
the entire page is done . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
convert a string of s and s into a long . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
return the string representation of the qualified name using the prefix if available or the ns foo notation 
set the max num docs to be returned from each shard . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
draws shadows on top and bottom of control asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a mapping between asserts and localaddress . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used for inheritablethreadlocals . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads the contents of a file line by line to a list of strings using the default encoding 
animates this drawable to a new state . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the specified element of the list stored at the specified key . spec spec spec asserts 
this method assigns the holes for a polygon formed from a list of minimaledgerings to its shell . 
creates an instance and notifies the view and layout functions to listen to changes published by this instance 
insert the given element at the end of the list . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
a factory method to build the appropriate luminancesource object based on the format of the preview buffers as 
this method is the one that is called when the user needs to advertise a server . 
shim to set the result type of the extraction . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the foo with the primary key or returns null if it could not be found . 
removes all user s current devices of this type . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the der encoded form of the key as a byte array . spec spec spec asserts 
to get high resolution image from camera asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handler set on the third button . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cookiesyncmanager was deprecated in api level . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
load the asserts with access descriptions . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
decodes a base string into octets asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts this is a convenience function for checking whether or not a particular date is vetoed . 
delete the specified message from the icc . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
given an old priority and the number of friends in common calculate the value of the new priority 
creates a copy of this element . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new asserts object based upon the specified glyphmetrics object and an additional vertical advance value . 
gets the current indentation character of this log stream . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
closes the socket and streams . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an asserts object . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
renames the current selected attribute asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
. . . and for a dynamic field asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the number of pad bytes present in the block . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check to see if a string is a valid name according to in the xml . recommendation 
replaces all the blocks matching a given filter within a given region to a block returned by a 
set this quaternion to be a representation of the supplied axis and angle in degrees . asserts 
gets the people in the specified show in the specified role . asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
query message to a given address asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
evaluate this operation directly to a double . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
asserts removes all children attached to this node . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
reads the packet from the given buffer asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the tab index which intersects the specified point in the jtabbedpane s coordinate space . asserts 
get the object info . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new request line from a string . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads a document from the given file asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
finds the method in the given type that matches the given name and signature . spec asserts 
rename a database object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
retrieves the raw asserts individual data values and stores them in a given list . spec asserts 
constructs an interval from a start and end instant with the iso default chronology in the default time 
returns the asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize with checking for repeats . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the integer which is nearest to val but on the grid round down spec spec asserts 
asserts function calculate the minimal r region level containing two points spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
merges data points . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
shift related things down to some distance . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get discount calculated from line amounts . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write this bugcollection to a file as xml . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates all possible integers in java bounded below by integer . min value and above by integer . 
devuelve si la asserts es asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
searches in this vector for the index of the specified object . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if we got the last element . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
creates a new asserts dialog . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the const caching mode . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
registers a class with kryo . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
downloads the resource from the current mirror . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
starts the login process for the given authcontext object identified by the index type and index name with 
constructs and throws a wrongnumberargexception with the appropriate message for this function object . spec spec asserts 
find the smallest power of two the input value . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove a revoked contact spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a complex number given the real and imaginary parts . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method undoes all changes including those about grouping . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
helper method that add an extra constraint to an type variable for use in parsing types . 
appends an int . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
begins a dbms transaction . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the log level v asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
performs the given action for each line of the charseq . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts a string produced by the object to string method back to a corba object reference . 
creates a new asserts . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a copy of this route with flipped tls mode . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tries to append node s as tail . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
print the the trace of methods from where the error originated . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert an ofinstructionexperimenter to string form . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
helper method to send a status request with specific retry limit and return the message null from the 
save the project on a file asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
search for next frame sync word . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an area with the given rows and columns asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a long to the constant pool of the class being build . spec spec spec asserts 
starts this animator by fading from the asserts to the default color . spec spec spec asserts 
asserts this function will be called whenever the in date or time in the applicable spec has changed 
creates a new httpclient object . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of operation . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
notify the webview that we want to display the video layer fullscreen . spec spec spec spec 
test by loading twice spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of a routing board with surrounding box p bounding box rules contains the restrictions 
an ndef message was read and parsed asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
splits the data into numfolds parts . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
appends two files and updates the asserts counter spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
causes all timers to pause . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a response from a status line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a binding adapter class from it s class name using reflection . spec spec spec asserts 
coverts given shorts array to array of bytes . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
implement the actionlistener interface . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clear the connection parameters . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the tests included in this test suite . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method loads the list of installed applications from the database or generates it if no data exists 
generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if a and b are equal or are both null . spec spec spec asserts 
creates a cache span from an underlying cache file . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
to be called when the kml stream shall be closed . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prints a message at assert priority . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
is the command currently applicable ? asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
saving image in jpeg to byte array with specific quality spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
encodes a fingerprint of the resource into the path . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
called when registration is successfully done . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
beancontextserviceslistener callback propagates event to all currently registered listeners and beancontextservices children if this beancontextservice does not already 
drops the underlying database table . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
populates the data array with random values . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
show error view with a button when something goes wrong and prompting the user to try again 
constructs a new state pair . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if we are recording asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the sample standard deviation of the data values . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
purges all game listener objects . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates complex boolean query from the cached tokenstream contents asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
closes the event stream associated with this context s xml event reader . spec spec spec spec 
pulls copystate off the wire asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculate the number of lines that will be rendered by logical line when it is wrapped . 
removes a command class from the node . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
disables the created widget . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
trims the internal array storage to minimize memory usage . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
load a text format embeddings file . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates underlying database table using daos . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
sends a keep alive request to the cluster . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
checks the validity of a given sql provider and a given module . spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of spec todo not working remove spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
computes the expected error of similarity computed using signatures . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
mark the cached xmlreader as available . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
create a sortedset composed of the elements of the first sortedset minus the elements of the given collection 
check if the double metaphone values of two string values are equal . spec spec spec spec 
mount an auth backend . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return true if the operator is a union . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
logs error messages to cot error log . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
removes the given state machine from runtime service . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
obtains the url . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this writes just the parts of the id that are needed for comparisons and communications spec asserts 
calculate image maximum asserts from original and specified maximum dimensions spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
add a fixed view to appear at the bottom of the list . spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether create drop do not affect transactions . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the test signs and verifies a jar that contains entries whose cert chain can t be correctly validated 
returns an empty byte string . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
draws all elements in group into asserts graphics asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
has been conditioned . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set the order to descending . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
perform the long duration download operation in a background thread so it doesn t block the ui thread 
inserts all of the elements into the list starting at the specified position . spec spec asserts 
change flag for repeat rules asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convenience method for displaying a hex string of a given byte array . spec spec spec asserts 
container allocation is asynchronous . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of getter declaration . spec spec asserts 
adds the given path to the list of cpp directories . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
get the nth element . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
incorpora al sistema un fondo spec entidad asserts asserts se obtiene a partir del descriptor spec asserts 
is the argument a delimiter according to the pdf spec ? spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
searches for own project method invoke instructions in the given list . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a run configuration for an android binary target if there is not already a configuration for that 
set the issuer directly with the asn . structure . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
perform a three level nested internal iteration over the provided monadicvalues spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks that the value isn t too long for a name . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets execution id of task to be cancelled . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
decodes a url safe object into its original form . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compares this object to the specified byte object to determine their relative order . spec spec asserts 
create a dialog and add this transaction to it . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
atomically sets the value to the given updated value if the current value the expected value . 
asserts this button s enabled with table s enabled . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an independent copy of this temporary value . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
get the mac style bits as an enum set . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if computefreshnesslifetime used a heuristic . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
close this output stream causing any buffered data to be flushed and any further output data to throw 
creates the action with the callback and the data to pass as an argument spec spec spec 
initiate a cpebuilder with an input stream asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the minimum value of three floats . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of class with given spec . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
inserts a sizef value into the mapping of this bundle replacing any existing value for the given key 
create a basic formatter based on the supplied options . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the size of this intlist . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether the current column should be skipped . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts this removes the specified change listener from this asserts . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if is allow delete . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a hashing method that changes a string like a url into a hash suitable for using as a 
calculate the position of the next comma or space or negative sign spec spec spec spec asserts 
check if all array elements equal to zero asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
votes a post . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
performs a search in lucene and puts the resulting product object ids in a corresponding map . 
weirdly java doesn t seem to have arrays . shuffle this terrible hack does that . asserts 
find a string in an array of strings . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes a packet interceptor . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
adds an alias from one origin to another . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates the default canonicalizer instance . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add q to this quaternion . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
is imdn notification displayed requested asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
put bitmap to image cache asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
path has format year month day or year month or year or asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a comment to the free busy entry . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the type of the file or null if unknown spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
clears all proxy credentials . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
removes the subtree rooted at this node from the tree giving this node a null parent . 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
copies from the input stream to the output stream . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if current count is odd . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
opens the atlas url at the current position asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove declined payment methods for an order from cart . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
logs into argus . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when a child node has been added . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
whether is debug mode debug mode can print log and some debug operations spec spec spec asserts 
creates a tftp instance with a default timeout of default timeout a null socket and buffered operations disabled 
returns this builder with the specified filtering conditions not participating in scoring . spec spec spec asserts 
add a group redefined by restriction for later constraint checking spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
validates that and only that no user based prices are set on the price model and children that 
number nodes print node numbers in dumps . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
increments the probability specified in the table for the given head assignment . spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if zooming via double tap is enabled false if not . spec spec spec asserts 
sets the html version of the message body . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the number of unique keys . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
reads a signed bit value at the offset from the beginning of the bytecode sequence . spec 
determines the first step to establish a route . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convenience method to report user information . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the ecprequest object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create and throw a java . lang . arrayindexoutofboundsexception . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to check whether there is a specialized handler for a given intent . spec spec asserts 
same as asserts model true . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this feature is in testing do not use or rely upon its implementation spec spec spec asserts 
convert pixels to dp asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
paints a horizontal line . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns a new instance of an encoder for the specified context . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handles the on off switch click asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove the specified listener from the list of content proposal listeners that are notified when a content proposal 
tells the object to calculate any statistics that don t have their values automatically updated during add . 
renders the clause in textual representation . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
append mode info . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when we receive a store notification about a switch that has been removed from the sync store 
creates a bitmatrix by sampling the provided image . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns array of arguments on which calibration is done . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the maximum memory usage by the matching library asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a asserts to io helper with custom callback asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new module source . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the child array to the correct size . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string representation of the receiver . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
updates a column in the current or insert row . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
draws an image applying a transform from image space into user space before drawing . spec asserts 
indicates whether the given expression is valid and evaluates to true or false . spec spec asserts 
construct a new bloom filter based on existing bloom filter data . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the character at position pos from the matched text . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns true if this asserts represents the this pointer asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a graph . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
creates a new rename package processor . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new l regularized logistic regression solver spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
verifies that a simple schema that is serialized can be deserialized back to equal schema instance asserts 
searches and retrieves a service principal matched by the specified subject distinguished name spec spec spec asserts 
logs an access message from policy client api asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
groups nodes by host names . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add an rdf statement with the predicate and object to the model using the current subject and graph 
parse a uri query string returning a list of name value pairs in the order they occur in 
creates underlying database table using daos . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if any fields have vectors spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compares the specified object with this attribute set for equality . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
skilltarget blocked num damage . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
this is simply a workaround approach for io approach to get username and password . spec asserts 
rewrite accesses to private fields of another class . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
drops a single entry . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
bulk deletes messages in a sub list created from the provided index to the amount of messages requested 
removes a listener from the set of listeners spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ctor for an object being created during load process swing init is deferred . spec spec asserts 
switches the case of the supplied character . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clear raw json forms associated with the current thread . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
dispose safely any swt resource asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
gets the ith element of given table if nonnull with volatile read semantics . spec spec asserts 
make sure that the transaction ids in the given messages are not and differ between each other . 
prepare a parallel http get task . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns if the supplied coordinate is completely inside the bounding box spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
enables or disables option fields depending on migration mode asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether the headers contain the specified value as one of the entries in the specified header . 
paints the border of a split pane . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is this a critical command that can only be executed when no other command is running ? 
returns true if the encoding name is a valid iana encoding . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convenience print method to log messages to the console asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
fills the input buffer taking the mark into account if it is valid . spec spec spec 
converts an array of object doubles to primitives . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns base logarithm of multinomial using gamma function . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return true if the attributedcharacteriterator is underlined at its current position . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert the map of unsorted intervals into a map of spec . spec spec spec spec spec 
sets the parser to use to parse the input . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
opens a connection to the database asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns max of two dogs d and d asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert source version exception to target version exception asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
send a heartbeat event to connectemc with configuration properties . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
instantiate a gssapi digest md sasl context using the specified parameters . asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs copy of an existing graph . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
utility method to check via reflection if the parsed class appears to be a testng test i . 
removes text label for the specified y axis value . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the device s cloud id and upload it to the server . spec spec spec asserts 
validate whether a string is parseable to integer asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a legend item to the collection . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if the user is allowed to configure the asserts . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
makes a vcf asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
adds an element to the element . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
run an update cycle . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return true if the receiver wants a format . field value and attribute is equal to it . 
constructs a placemark attributes bundle . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
replaces a range with a character array asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new ab scroll text view . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
make an exact copy of this step make sure to explicitly copy collections etc . spec asserts 
new bigdecimal string value when exponent is integer . max value . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
append to the tostring a float array . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the given element to this queue . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compares the specified object with this hotpprincipal for equality . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the node in the subtree with the smallest key greater than or equal to the given key 
specify that this tree node needs filtering . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns json decoded instance of the specified type . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sign the given string with the key provided . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
sets the calls file . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a buffer for the given number of elements and native byte ordering spec spec spec spec 
tests if this input stream supports the mark and reset methods . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
pops the given number of types from the output frame stack . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether this job k octets processed attribute is equivalent to the passed in object . asserts 
initializes an sprite with an image filepath . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test case for optional join where we have no materialization guarantees at all . spec spec spec 
generate a salt for use with the bcrypt . hashpw method . spec spec spec spec asserts 
writes a float value which is comprised of four bytes to the output stream . spec asserts 
this adds a property descriptor for the super scope feature . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a svg circle asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
saves currently shown graph to the sd card asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
executes procedure for each key value entry in the map . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
prints the component s border . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ensures docussandra is presently running . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new text widget asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
selects also all items belonging to a connected set of a currently selecte item . spec asserts 
constructs a vacuum environment with two locations in which dirt is placed as specified . spec asserts 
breaks up the given path and returns it as vector spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the given mouse event intersects the given state . spec spec spec spec spec 
fills the list with the board asserts . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clears the search i . e . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test of buildtextfromelement method of class asserts . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets a byte array representation of this instance . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an argument exception which should be used when a property modification argument is incompatible with a previous 
creates and returns a validator which allows to validate texts to ensure that they represent valid phone numbers 
override this method when creating custom preference types in order to parse these types from a preferences xml 
register a namespace prefix spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
try to look up the node in zk configuration this is called only if map does not have 
this method registers the default asserts . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the user name this file system is created on behalf of . spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a cf test problem with the specified number of decision variables . spec spec spec spec 
tells whether the clean up requires an ast . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the index of the attribute stored at the given position . spec spec spec spec asserts 
check whether the new column is of the same type and not more restricted than this column . 
test to verify that an api name beginning with a digit causes an asserts error to be generated 
finalize and close csv file asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
associate that the volume with given uri can be potentially be placed into the exportmask given by its 
runs the filter with the given arguments asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sqrt a b without under overflow . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
adds an inner class to this class . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the specified element to this set if it is not already present . spec spec asserts 
get can long press swipe . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
helper method for test methods that retrieve table metadata for all tables of all types . asserts 
checks whether the map contains the specified key . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
public setter that can be used by direct users of fs or visor . spec spec asserts 
test of docheck method of class attributepresencechecker . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the tip text for this property asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
views the array as an immutable list . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
produces a string representation of the date in sql format spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convenience method for converting contents of the buffer into a double value . spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the child array to the correct size . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
configure a zone . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates xmltree from string spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return name for logic . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
maps an ore ore dictionary key to it s weight on the nether world generation . asserts 
registers implementing class of the asserts with algorithmuri asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the width of a line of text . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads input until the given symbol is found . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method that will construct an exception suitable for throwing when some string values are acceptable but the one 
removes a child file from the list of files observed by the folder observer . spec spec 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
return the number of errors found so far in this round . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove collapse multiple newline characters . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates the message digest with new data . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a modeless dialog without a title with the specified frame as its owner . spec spec 
this default implementation does not do anything which will cause the connections to always progress . asserts 
this method controls the form s state flow and subsequently process all fields added to this form with 
and for a negative number and zero asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a abstractquerybuilder instance that can be used to build api request with various parameters spec asserts 
print page printable interface spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct all the variables that shouldn t change . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
starts the order processor . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a simple text area where asserts are displayed as they arrive . spec spec spec asserts 
creates the policy tree ou policy ou services . . . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
look up a fully qualified name . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create the uriname object from the passed encoded der value . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
init all values that will be used by this shader . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
here the read should float out of the loop . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return true if the transaction currently holds the lock . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
update the enable state asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
this method should follow a call to asserts in order to indicate that the tooltip should no longer 
is the command currently applicable ? asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a top level table asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new session manager . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the contents of a byte as a string using the specified character encoding . spec spec 
converts hex values from strings to byte arra asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
used to update the flash mode . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns whether this job priority attribute is equivalent to the passed in object . asserts spec asserts 
cleaning old files before the given threshold . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
creates an uninitialized hessian output stream . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates sentences one for each non whitespace line and sets the cas text . spec spec asserts 
constructs a new exception with the specified detail message . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
translates a asserts instruction to reil code . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a drawable by decoding a bitmap from the given input stream . spec spec spec asserts 
non recursive quicksort asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
uses dhcp to find the script url . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
defines a predicate for matching entities asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
you can do the quest only once . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
initialize externalresources instance with defaults parameters . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts that every specified key is in the map and that it equals the corresponding value . 
this method was generated by mybatis generator . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the tip text for this property asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether a character to be inserted is already present at the insert location perhaps separated by some 
creates a new email notifier . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determine if the title pane s parent is active . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
truncates string at given length appends . . . if string was shortened spec spec spec spec 
action to be performed asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
read one byte from the socket asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts the soap model instance into a normal model instance . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
id of the location s type e . g . home work . spec spec spec asserts 
register a new n js runner defined by the given runner descriptor . spec spec spec spec 
returns whether an inner border should be drawn after the specified row . spec spec spec asserts 
determines whether or not the crontrigger will occur again . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prepare the dataset required for running test cases asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clears both the container and the cache hashmaps asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns the list of all available mutations to the given node . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the drawable associated to the noxitem given a position has been loaded . spec 
returns a new instance of this fragment for the given section number . spec spec spec asserts 
fire change to all registered listeners . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an instance using the default key . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
increases the height of rectangle by the given value . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method was generated by mybatis generator . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
setter for indicating if the requested facing value must be an exact match or not . asserts 
tests that if no members selected presenter shows error asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if the node can be appended on the given parent node asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a function that returns the same boolean output as the given predicate for all inputs . 
this is used to assemble the model by perform registrations based on the order annotation . asserts 
copy all points to a new array asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
listener for retrieved paymentproduct from the gc gateway asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test delete when the path parent is the root and the path is missing locally . spec 
builds links with added query string . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if overloaded methods are allowed using asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
destroys all created pool in this manager . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
validates and repaints the frame asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns the names of currently stored data sources . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this is an insert . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts a locale instance to a candidate locale list . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if a row with given key exists in the table spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns a hashcode for the specified object . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the number of keys stored in the jsonobject . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
method to generate the signature data . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add new layers to the server request using specified styles . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new sample info . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of eobject . spec spec spec asserts 
code generation for a field declaration standard assignment to a field spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invite additional participants to this group chat . asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
string data is json yes return true no return false spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
computes the final key according to the standard routine key h s spec spec spec spec spec 
determines whether the operand a variable contains a numeric asserts literal i . e . spec asserts 
paints the border of a label . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the number of elements in this queue . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a permutation variable with the specified number of elements . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts datatype . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes all bookmarks and bookmark folders that the user can edit . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
flush the logger s handlers asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
send a clientmessage to the specified address on the server spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new checks if is greater than or equal to extended . spec spec spec asserts 
determine if this unit has an active and working stealth system . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called immediately before the transport transmits http request headers . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines whether the given defuse reads or writes the same variable as this defuse spec spec asserts 
create striped thread pool . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resets the scanner to the marked position . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
enters a new lexical state asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a module which handles binding of rest services and related authentication objects including the singleton spec . 
create or re open a journal . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a cache entry for the specified data . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compute the integrated distance between two polynomials of same order . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resets all the appropriate fields to a default state . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
in case of date field we can adjust the from to fields using a timezone spec asserts 
creates a asserts . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new initialization exception with the provided message . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
replacement of internal delimiters occurring in literals of instructions in order to ensure robustness of serialization and parsing 
used to determine if track has been assigned as an alternate spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called from state system . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
save export the current plot . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
replaces the entry for the specified key only if it is currently mapped to some value . 
use this factory method to create a new instance of this fragment using the provided parameters . 
verify the hmac . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method parses out the local attribute source attributes as they are encapsulated in the authn module configurations 
construct a floatdatatype from the bytes in buf asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
define if the drawerbuilder is shown on the first launch spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
create a objectalreadyexistsexception and auto generate a message using the name group from the given trigger . 
get an array of valid baud rates . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true iff the marker represents an obligation that is finished being processed in any way proving or 
returns a time specification with the specified start and stop times . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
defines the specified three dimensional array member . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
returns true if a link has either one of its switch ports blocked . spec spec spec 
dumps the contents of vm reference tables e . g . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return true if this transaction has completely invalidated or destroyed the value of this entry in the entire 
creates a new packedintvector with the specified width and a height of . spec spec spec asserts 
creates an instance with the specified vertex size and aspect ratio functions . spec spec spec asserts 
creates a text area output stream for writing text to the given text area . spec asserts 
simple view used to display the details of an artist . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
must be called from the ui thread spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the descriptor representing a method that receives the given parameter types and returns the given type . 
validate the the given value is a positive number . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
validates the expected partition values create request . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes an byte java double to the underlying output stream in little endian order . spec asserts 
right now it only refreshes cpu usage in terms of percentage . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
coverts given doubles array to array of longs . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
builds a test local asserts object . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates the mouse listener for the jtableheader . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes a charsequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist . spec spec 
name of the custom method used to get this variable . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determine if a reply code is a positive completion response . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
add multiple mappings at once for a particular index . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
rehashes the contents of the receiver into a new table with a smaller or larger capacity . 
handle a single child for a node . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
fn sub brief returns mata asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
prepare e . g . get parameters . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts that two bytes are equal . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
true if last row has not yet been read spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
handle a set map of data attributes with specified notification action spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test for getinstance string algorithm method assertions throws nullpointerexception when algorithm is null throws nosuchalgorithmexception when algorithm has 
intercept the container request to add length of request and a start timestamp . spec spec asserts 
sends a simple zero pressure move event . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add an element at the end . spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when the activity is first created . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
enters a new lexical state asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
forces update of current pixel per unit ratio according to screen density . spec spec spec asserts 
returns the simple name of this class . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
divide the provided value from this amount . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
increments the asserts and functionexecutionsrunningid stats and functionexecutionhasresultrunningid in case of function . hasresult true . . 
determine if the supplied value is one of the predefined options . spec spec spec spec spec 
convert a point represented by an array to an modern object . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a no arg method invocation from a method tree spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets this parser back to the beginning of the raw data . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a unit file reader from the given unit file spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates a signed directory mime for the global configuration and writes the directory contents to a temporary location 
before delete do not delete asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the uri after normalization e . g . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
load all predefined logo sizes asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ensures ads is removed . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get this object as a mutabledatetime using isochronology in the same zone . spec spec spec asserts 
start test and stop war . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
queue to send emails asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a sequence x . . . x n of run lengths to runs such that . 
handles a change in the current selection . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
internal routine that is called during an insertion if a node has two red children . spec 
creates a new asserts object filling in additional role service url and driver information spec spec asserts 
shows the a dialog allowing the user to edit the ray . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether the composition area is currently visible asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
process an attribute string of type t cdata into a string value . spec spec spec asserts 
asserts un asserts registral asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a backup to the model . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
attaches a portrayal to the display d along with the provided human readable name for the portrayal . 
attempt an atomic compare and exchange in a write barrier sequence . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
allocates a direct float buffer and populates it with the float array data . spec spec asserts 
construct a baggagemessage protobuf message and serialize it to a byte array . spec spec spec asserts 
returns a flag indicating whether or not the domain crosshair is visible . spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether the rhs is the same as the method name being declared eg . spec asserts 
reemplaza el fichero del documento asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether the object name is a pattern . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
resets the last long pressed index we only want to respect two consecutive long presses for selecting a 
adds an element to the element . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if field asserts is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise spec asserts 
computes an unused prefix . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an instance of this class . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
depth first traversal to find all asserts children . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize the link table which holds adjacency lists for this graph . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a method invocation from a method tree and a list of argument trees . spec asserts 
writes len bytes from the specified byte array starting at offset off to this byte array output stream 
validates that the username passed to it is not made shorter by performing trim and also that it 
creates a new instance . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
trivially simple basic test to ensure all basic append methods work spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the interestresultpolicy represented by specified ordinal asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the rwset other into this set . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the in order ascending iterator . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
process the bye request . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the remainder from the modulo division of the bit output of the murmurhash by the divisor . 
filter key down events . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the formatter for the specified style . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
allow access to seriallightmanager asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates the application data input stream for specified socket . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance from a byte value . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new xpath filtercontainer with the filter type intersect . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks to see if the cc number is a valid solo number asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new heap node with the specified parameters . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add extended data to the intent . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this is temporary solution for asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
creates a new ldap exception with the provided message . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the number of items in the list . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
places the justifications into an ordering that clusters them based on the spec is being justified . 
return the principal associated with the specified username and credentials if there is one otherwise return null . 
walks over pairs of inputs and combines them to create lowest level of non leaf nodes . 
returns the nth item in the stack indexed or null if this goes to the bottom of the 
pop the rtfdtm s context mark . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
dynamic features must be . f for the rightmost and also leftmost ? spec spec spec asserts 
checks if deployable type is compatible with the project s packaging . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new field config string . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
displays the picture in a window on the screen . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is shared map supported spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new byte array output stream . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets flag indicating whether client authentication will be requested during handshake . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reset the stream to the most recent mark . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a new instance for the value i . e . the class name of this class parameter 
string representation of the revision codec data . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the focus to the given position if possible . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
calculates the mean local clustering coefficient the maximum local clustering coefficient the minimum local clustering coefficient and the 
instantiates a new movie tree node . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of annotatable element . spec spec spec 
creates a new instance of spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method is called when executing this sample application from the command line . spec spec asserts 
expands path if it is not expanded or collapses row if it is expanded . spec spec 
starts this handler based on a start message received from remote server . spec spec spec asserts 
peeks element at the persistent stack . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
deletes the following object from the cloud storage upon commit spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates whether this branch contains a reference to the specified attribute type either in the rdn components of 
writes the contents of the given array . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
are there any ambiguous addresses short vs long on this system ? asserts spec spec spec asserts 
loads one texture file spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
increments the mod counts so that an concurrentmodificationexception can be thrown if calling code tries to modify the 
construct a flex specific fxg to swf tag transcoder . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
create an unsigned short spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a dailytimeintervaltrigger that will occur immediately and repeat at the the given interval . spec asserts 
used by the jpa provider . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new component entry . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads a taxa block . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
force buffered operations to the filesystem . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct new auto sorted collection using natural order . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs and returns an objectanimator that animates between the sets of values specified in propertyvalueholder objects . 
method called after an array value has been completely output and before another value is to be output 
this will be called once after a quit message that was not handled by the derived statemachine . 
illustrate the behavior of the asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method gets called when a bound property is changed . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
close the stream . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
builds an analyzer with the given stop words . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
don t let anyone instantiate this class asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
create and initialize the state machine that interprets the modifying gestures commands as well as initialize the grab 
create a jar file using the list of files provided . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
in this case we will consume a future clause . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of strict mode relevant . spec asserts 
there is only intended to be a single instance of the null object so the clone method returns 
assigns the specified byte value to each element of the specified range of the specified array of bytes 
constructs a new instance with given detail message and cause . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
decodes a string from base format . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
marks given member as being consumed from an interface . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check potential conflicts with asserts corresponding with this coordinator s write set . spec spec spec spec 
returns the set of objects pointed to by instance field f of the objects pointed to by l 
generates a view by the defined layoutres and pass the layoutparams from the parent spec spec asserts 
recursive tracking of weak points . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of hapbrpcexception . spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
increases the toc page count . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the thread context for a filter invocation to the desired value asserts spec spec spec asserts 
replaces the enumeration from the stream with a real one . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
dequeues an element from the queue . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if imageheaderbytes starts with soi start of image marker followed by xff . spec spec spec 
convert scale dependent pixels to absolute pixels . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates the display area of the window . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets visible flag . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
calculates the difference in days between day and day asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculate d position . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check the device to make sure it has the google play services apk . spec spec asserts 
implements the python r integration . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
allows to answer what width in pixels is required to draw fragment of the given char array from 
creates a new asserts . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert an implicitly scaled int offset into the backing file into an int address into the backing file 
acquire text data from a reader . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the given dom document as command line . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
always returns false since this state machine can never become final . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
format the given parameter object into string . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts the counter value to its long form . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks that searchview contains the given text asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write asserts to a file asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a float vertex to the mesh asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
writes the tostring value of each item in a collection to the specified file line by line . 
create a search result with text and an icon asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
new bigdecimal string value mathcontext asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
apply the operation to two operands and return the result . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
make a new asserts specifying the program and protocol it will check for and set . asserts 
sets the contrast for capture on this capturedeviceinput . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates the event bus consumer for the service . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
sets the executor to execute client internal tasks such as establish connection start operation and run subscriptions . 
asserts the contained reference make this a weak reference . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a asserts in the given process definitions optionally filtering by the given job status start and end 
this method indicates if the digest value and the issuer and serial match for the signing certificate . 
download a file from a container spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns darker version of specified color asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
easy way to create a string using a stringprinter . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the request builder for the share asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
increases the count by . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a synthetic request for clearing the cache . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether the receiver allows or denies incoming presence or not . spec spec spec spec asserts 
this method should typically only be called from the control class spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
create a new locationanimator that processes the specified group . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the user is able to specify values which do not appear in the popup list 
always returns false . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
increment of the last order based on the comparison level . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this condition was created by the given synchronization object . spec spec spec spec 
populate an array with the successive powers of a number . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
indicates whether navigation image is enabled . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return true if this crop is a double crop at this stage asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a property change listener to the split pane and updates the int setting when the divider location 
adds a statistic this is the data for which the prod i x i prior is calculated . 
determine if the temporal page is empty . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
stop light detection . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calls casexxx for each class of the model until one returns a non null result it yields that 
paints a given match as a constraint . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the objects in the specified collection to the end of this vector . spec spec asserts 
adds the given float value as a string version to the job s data map . asserts 
returns a value give a y position . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
unwrap a wrapped value asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
java . security . interfaces . rsaprivatecrtkey getprimeq asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a weigher where the value is a byte array and its weight is the number of bytes . 
moves the reading position back to the mark position . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cancel old alarm and starts a new one for the specified interval . spec spec spec asserts 
translates the origin of the graphics context to the point x nbsp y in the current coordinate system 
allow delegate execution to resume . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
start the connect processing asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
create a header for a null image . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a plane primitive . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
retains only the elements in this list that are contained in the specified collection . spec spec 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new dynamic proxy instance for the given delegate . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the natural logarithm of the density estimate at the given point . spec spec spec asserts 
converts a dom to a string asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
s temporary trade time has expired . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
double the capacity of this deque . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find the latest jobs optionally restricted to jobs of a specified type . spec spec spec asserts 
javax . net . ssl . sslsocket sslsocket inetaddress address int port asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ensures that the external array tmp has at least the specified number of elements increasing its size if 
this method was generated by mybatis generator . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
action to be performed asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
get the number of distinct values in a data column . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
gets a string describing the sensitivity . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return true if the integer argument includes the return prev on update modifier false otherwise . asserts 
setup the card for giving credits to the sources of the place . spec spec spec asserts 
test deployment of jsps with the embedded tomcat container asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the number of items in the specified playlist asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
using the asserts name check whether the current project has findbugs nature . spec spec spec asserts 
the following code is a trick ! asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
puts a claim . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this either merges sketchin into gadget or gadget into sketchin . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
internal routine to handle a timeout spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the type of the index . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if is empty value . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the index of a character in the charsegment starting from an offset . spec spec spec 
returns the name of the missing element . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a callback allowing for custom logic before an actual merge starts . spec spec spec spec spec 
creates a new instance of spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is this a critical command that can only be executed when no other command is running ? 
ensures that the result vector has the same length as this . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if name matches one of the patterns asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
maps all values to new values . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add an error message to the client s console . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes all elements from this cache leaving it empty . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a range lowerendpoint . . exclusive open asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an iterator of all bcschild instances with remove disabled . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
print a start tag without attributes . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the split value asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parses a timing specifier list . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initiate a synchronization request . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
record audit log for services asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
paints the border of a menu bar . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
store a new definition for key . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reports if an event set is in the quot default quot set . spec spec spec asserts 
inverse of addition . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ignore types entirely make paddle completely ignore declared types of variables . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
append a single character to this writer . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test of docheck method of class attributepresencechecker . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds alert handler by id . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
split the page . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this textcharacter has the bold modifier active spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
true if the stream can write spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
basically the same as asserts but only for type expressions . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
query if we are allowing the system to lock turnouts when the logic goes active . asserts 
used to blur the artist image in the album profile . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the immediately following sibling of each element in the set of matched elements . spec asserts 
ensures that there are no two entries with the same key . spec spec spec spec spec 
returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of enum literal property attribute . asserts 
invoking bounded ints long doubles with illegal bounds throws illegalargumentexception spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
load schemas from schemas files . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the skew vector such that dot skew vec other cross vec other spec spec spec asserts 
returns a stream consisting of the keys of this stream elements . spec spec spec spec spec 
destroys everything related to coloring . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs solution user type of principal . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is buffer not empty ? asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
simple query with example spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sheds any excess capacity above and beyond the current size of the list . spec spec asserts 
set the statusbarcolor color for this activity from a resource spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
internal use only . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a private data provider with the specified element name and name space . spec spec asserts 
returns the slope beta of the best of the best fit line y alpha beta x . 
disable popup menus that allow table structure to changed . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
submits a request for prefetching to the bitmap cache . spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a asserts . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance of signaturemethodelement asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
destroys listener to stop being notified of any updates . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
subtracts a given resource from the current resource . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
standalone routine to compute local transfer entropy across a d spatiotemporal array of the states of homogeneous agents 
creates a new uninitialized asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a slave terminal on the specified adapter address use . . . to listen on all adapters 
defines the functionality of the toolbar by adding components to it . spec spec spec spec spec 
creates a new instance . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
an external entity declaration . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
decodes an object using the base algorithm . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
execute shell commands default return result msg asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the given line from this block . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sorts by modified date with oldest first . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
wrap an object returned from a method asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
given a string representing a set of values to be used in the having query turns the string 
accepts a visitor . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the specified items at the end of the array . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a dom document without document element . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
end an elemexsltfunction and verify its validity . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method should try and build one or more nodes in the table . spec spec asserts 
prints the chart on a single page . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the token specified to the current linked list of tokens as an end token that is at 
extracts the binary contents from an http message . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
for near real time retrieval . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method was generated by apache ibatis ibator . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
manage the low memory case asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns number of nodes in this jerry . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
applies the interpolator and length to the animator such that the fling animation is consistent with the finger 
drags an element a certain distance and then drops it . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates all transient properties . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calls dropactionchanged on the registered droptargetlistener and passes it the specified droptargetdragevent . spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new asserts instance . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
primitive value duplication do nothing value type must not be duplicated spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when the webview has been detached from the fragment . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
comparison based on id asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
new asserts records are created through this method to allow subclasses the extend the spec records to do 
get an optional double associated with a key or the defaultvalue if there is no such key or 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
is the method reference to a magic method ? asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
displays the virtual array list page . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sends a specific stun indication to a specific destination transportaddress through a socket registered with this stunstack using 
handles the http post method . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check igfs property equality on local and remote nodes . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
action to be performed asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates an aggregation property definition builder . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculates the total number of entries this dataset represents including stacks . spec spec spec spec asserts 
convert absolute pixels to scale dependent pixels . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the value of the asserts property . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets a suspend time to this instance . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds this socket to the specified multicast group . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a netaccessmanager . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tells whether required proposals are supported by this proposal . spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates new topology exception with given error message and optional nested exception . spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether two filenames are equal exactly . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
report a root edge to be processed during gc . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find the fields constant that matches fieldid throwing an exception if it is not found . asserts 
adds a file to the classpath if it exists . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
see jcomponent . readobject for information about serialization in swing . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
validate the array for asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
verify the request using the bc provider . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
get the module by name . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create new action history storage object asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines the height of this view asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
sends a message to all asserts . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a filter which removes words from the input tokenstream that are named in the set . 
read an array of floats asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method for sleeping . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
it just takes one of the monitors to not be primary for the composite to be false 
creates a copy of the defaultformatter . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
read a boolean value saved as a byte . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct and returns a new empty matrix of the same dynamic type as the receiver having the specified 
creates the zookeeper node quorum string . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the replica set name for the given partition . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns network availability status . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test that binarylizable asserts with computejobmasterleaveaware interface is serialized using binarymarshaller . spec spec spec spec asserts 
register a callback method for when a list is scrolled to bottom . spec spec spec asserts 
accept the visitor . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
write the file one line at a time . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a spliterator reporting the given estimated size and characteristics . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
methods for reading and writing files asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
removes routes without link sequences asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a new timezone offset to property . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resets the iterator to its initial state . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
appends a list of domcontent objects to the end of this element asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculate the day time asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
called when the connection closed . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the tuple is static . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add links into a textview . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new keynotfoundexception datatype . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the given expression to the specified block . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handle end of race items for a workerthread . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
adds a new event time . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a builder for this resourcetype with all fields populated and ready for modification . spec asserts 
construct a time object with given values . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
equivalent to this . open new fileoutputstream file . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
draws a vertical span into the graph . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates the instructions for a switch statement . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new local variable of the given type . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
create an ompoly from a list of float lat lon pairs . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
fills the buffer with the contents of the document starting at the given offset . spec spec 
checks whether the supplied literal is a string literal . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a asserts . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if there are any binary attributes . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
verifies that the last call to readtag returned the given tag value . spec spec spec asserts 
decreases the timer by a specific value . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
adds the filters . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the outcome predicted for the specified example asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an instance using us english mapping asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the steps for deserializing message from kafka . convert byte array to string . parse string to eagle 
creates a new sparsearray containing no mappings that will not require any additional memory allocation to store the 
generates a random string of the given length . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes last child node if contains just empty text . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determine if the current ui mode is night mode . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
what extensions does the view engine support . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the singleton instance creating if necessary . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
delete pets id delete the id pet . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reset the count in increment mode asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to check if the file is raster format . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
disables the ok button if certain constraints of the dialog have not be fulfilled . spec spec 
invoke the enter method starting at the entering index to top of state stack spec spec asserts 
this method just invokes the test utils method it is here for convenience spec spec spec asserts 
return true if a given is currently frozen in the cache and false otherwise . spec asserts 
update the effective size label . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new span with the given inclusive starting and exclusive ending indices . spec spec asserts 
do some operation on repository delete or update resource etc with wrapped session automatically opened and closed . 
no arguments are evaluated by this application . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parse and resolve a graql template asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a new element and appends it to the given parent node . spec spec spec asserts 
this is the sha hashing function that is performed on the public key spec spec spec asserts 
builds a list from the parameters . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compiles a series of files from file names . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
push a new stack frame for a given method asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the values that are active at the moment . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes any currently applied constraints from this particle . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
encode text as utf asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
construct an odor world entity from a single image location . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a sort against the given field name and the sort ordering . spec spec spec asserts 
copies into enumeration starting at asserts all threads or threadgroups in the receiver . spec spec asserts 
removes items and item filters of type program indicators . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
acquires in exclusive timed mode . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
configure an output directory option for all command line tools which need this . spec spec asserts 
create a asserts that is really a complete copy of an existing spec spec spec spec asserts 
returns the largest power of two divisor for use in downscaling a bitmap that will not result in 
clears all current actions asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
checks if is first cap . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
log the current user out . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialise a des cipher . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a new feature instance asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method was generated by mybatis generator . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a thread to execute on the same thread that this method is executed on spec asserts 
test of buildtextfromelement method of class textattributeofelementbuilder . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new qname with the specified namespace uri prefix and local name . spec spec asserts 
for constructing directly from jar entries or any other raw audio data . spec spec spec asserts 
set the shape of this recipe to the specified rows . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns the number of dot product cache hits . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the height of each display row is a fixed size . spec spec spec 
initializes this node s image source . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an unbounded time specification i . e . t . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an d long array consisting entirely of missing values . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
filters the network with the given transport modes and creates a router with it spec spec spec 
player entered world search for non expired alliance asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new instance . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a business object definition tag from the persisted entity . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
clear method in asserts of concurrency asserts everything to no end . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes all entries from the specified context including asserts . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if the specified tag is already defined in the supplied documentation block . spec spec asserts 
util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
store the stream and return the id . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes a new intarray d with a specified number of rows and columns . spec spec asserts 
escapes the special characters from a string so it can be used as part of a regex pattern 
resets the counters for the generated attribute names . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this function is to retrieve the children of a given class . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines the first step to establish a route . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert the cookie to a string suitable for use as the value of the corresponding http header . 
constructs a tokenizer splitting using the specified delimiter matcher and handling quotes using the specified quote matcher . 
calculates the sum of number for rowsum of greaterthan and lessthanequal and colsum of lessthan and greaterthanequal operators 
the behavior of this method is the same as openconnection url . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
discovery of ip interface asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
clear all of the groups within this track asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes an object from this partiallyorderedset . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
update the internal digest with the byte array in asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
converts filename to connector encoding . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get price includes tax . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
check if the message is truncated . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
hides the stop ringing notification asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
add a constraint statement to this statement . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
pass callback to the sax handler asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
reads the contents of a file into a byte array . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
specifies the gap size to size and moves to the next column row . spec spec asserts 
find the next clear bit in the bit set . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compare the distance travelled to the achievement thresholds . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests whether a rectangle intersects a given geometry . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a negative number from a sign and an array of bytes . spec spec spec asserts 
write the fixed point value stored in this holder to an outputstream . spec spec spec asserts 
the matching path of the url i . e . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
decodes a byte array from base format and ignores line separators tabs and blanks . spec asserts 
get menu invoices . spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
defend against malicious streams . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new parser for the given format string . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
you received num damage from . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method writes header into compressed stream . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a created claims list shard with the specified parent key for testing purposes only . spec 
you are not supposed to instantiate this class . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
black formula for standard deviation derivative asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
set the color of the drawable . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the widget the defines the menu that is currently loaded by the system spec spec asserts 
convert byte to bitmap asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
initializes the child array to the correct size . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
javax . security . auth . subject asserts accesscontrolcontext acc spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
we need real jar contents as this test will actually run gradle that will peek inside the archive 
asynchronously parse a file and print json events to system . out asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a mixed type example set from the given data matrix . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes a highlight from the view . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parses content from given reader input stream . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates implementation specific instance of this monitor provider . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
initialization of the servlet . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
searches for roles in this organizational unit using wildcards and attribute values . spec spec spec asserts 
create a new bitmap that has all pixels beyond the oval shape transparent . spec spec asserts 
check the host ip string against localhost names asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
create the exception . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new detachedbaggage instance whose contents are a copy of this one . spec spec asserts 
reset the controller pause for a moment and catch fire . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a asserts object for a pdfreader asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the test . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a new seed to scope . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
also know as asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create the notification show it now or set the schedule . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invokes the super method and the method for all children . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a a b a i a i b i . spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
read the page from the disk . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
populates the filelist . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether it has the the format of data represented by the metric . spec spec spec 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
performs evaluation of a dayofweek bind rule using the provided evaluation context . spec spec spec asserts 
render the asserts part of the model separated by two new line characters . spec spec spec 
closes the underlying input stream asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
auto generated add method for the array for convenience asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
releases context resources and terminates the context between peer . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests if this buffer has no elements . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method converts the datasource to a resource used in tomcat . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
inset the rectangle by dx dy . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create instance of this class . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs new register repository request asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
column has alias . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
canonicalize so that can be used . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write the bit int to the binary output stream . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
does the item exist asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
executes a correction down the line of connected nodes . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an empty enum map with the specified key type . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
loads a class and calls main in that class . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the next scheduled event s time or double . max value if there aren t any events 
asserts listener called when a provider has disconnected spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a module generated by the provider . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when an int feature changes for the window to update its graphics . spec spec asserts 
visits this node the target object and the arguments . spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
pops out a ccscene from the queue . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts that two objects do not refer to the same object . spec spec spec spec spec 
save the state of the enummap instance to a stream i . e . serialize it . 
creates a abstractquerybuilder instance that can be used to build api request with various parameters spec asserts 
handle asserts envelope response and send sms acknowledgement . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
contexts asserts returns functiondeclaration asserts returns functiondeclaration asserts returns functiondeclaration asserts returns functiondeclaration constraint annotationlist annotationlist declaredmodifiers n 
tell whether the number of motion event s pointer changed . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct an rsa key from a private key info object . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
deletes an application api call post volume groups block id deactivate spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads the contents of a file line by line to a list of strings . spec asserts 
called to instantiate the view . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the array of strings as a single string with the obvious line breaks inserted . asserts 
constructs a new sysexmessage . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
append a double value . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets cache configuration for grid with specified name . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
skips any white space asserts returns true comment or processing instruction until a start element or end element 
returns the parameter string representing the state of this menushortcut . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
release all the resource . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a file . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
new instance with now as the current time . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove the i th element from the array . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cancels an ongoing attempt to acquire . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this constructs an instance from a factory and a notifier . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the tip text for this property asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
element by element right division c a . b spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
checks just the flags field of the preamble asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if the new name to set is valid in the file system the only way to be 
checks whether the given double array is in this filter . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
receive notification of a skipped entity . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the live attribute values of this element . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a new x value to the chart data . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
path to use for plugin list . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
insert a new entry into the database . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the version corresponding to the given element . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a hash code consistent with structural equality for this object . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a muxingattributeset with the passed in attributes . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
see the other run method for help this is using spin rule as asserts . spec asserts 
instantiate a new csvreader with input from provided reader . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new instance of andfilefilter with the specified list of filters . spec spec spec spec 
normalize to sum to asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
returns true if the chart is not yet fully zoomed out on the y axis spec spec 
returns true if the specified argument s encryption level is considered better than the one of the current 
create a security exception with a message . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convenience method for reading a binary file and base encoding it . spec spec spec spec asserts 
to test thumbnaillist for h wvga with starttime end time spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a new sample representing the conjugate of this one spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a new osc in message with the specified address . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ensures that an object reference passed as a parameter to the calling method is not null . 
creates a new datasource object asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
publish asserts arbitrary events from live users with the provided delay to a pubsub topic . asserts 
instantiates a new object state machine factory . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
process port binding properties spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the composed callback produced by this builder . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
apply the current query timeout if any to the current statement . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
grow the internal array as needed to accomodate the specified number of elements . spec spec asserts 
callback function to be invoked a non block api has completed successfully . spec spec spec asserts 
creates the settings directory . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a new live reference for a well known server object in the local address space . 
create the test case spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
figure out if the string key is in the provided list and provide the location index of it 
construct an industry with with no segments . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determine how much many bytes the entire message will take including space for header and trailer asserts 
decrypts the encrypted password . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates whether the directory server startup process should skip the synchronization between admin data and the configuration . 
called by onsaveinstancestate . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this function is used to fixup variables from qnames to stack frame indexes at stylesheet build time . 
prepare a parser for a script with defined bit order and special flags . spec spec spec 
parses the update . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handles a request to cancel a load . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
finish a response . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if the given thread info passes the filters of this filter checker instance spec spec asserts 
removes the entry from the classpath . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes all the children of a given node asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a string with all attributes in name value format . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
implements a phase of the translation that compiles if necessary the tag files used in a jsp files 
destroys the named context and removes it from the namespace . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invoked when a test is skipped due to a failed assumption . spec spec spec spec spec 
constructs a new classification with the parameters given . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
inserts a short array value into the mapping of this bundle replacing any existing value for the given 
constructs a sample info from the given input stream asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
appends a multi line string representation of this ldap protocol op to the provided buffer . asserts 
invoked after this control is moved to a new quadrant . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new uninitialized document . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
factory method for asserts group mbean . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ensures the truth of an expression involving the state of the calling instance but not involving any parameters 
return the landlord . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this ctor interprets the byte array as a sequence of characters to send . spec spec asserts 
creates a new synchronizer object . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return whether this crop can be harvested or not asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
suitable for add exists operation . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
not activated users should be automatically deleted after days . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
simple method to create a soft reference to the given row list . spec spec spec asserts 
accept the visitor . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
removes all flags except permissions asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the single byte at the given position as an int . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
search the local message cache using a elasticsearch query . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the child array to the correct size . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
upload input stream or file to oss . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
connects to the attached fragment to cast the asserts to . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set up and show the recent activities dialog . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
overridden from replyprocessor to allow early out . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test for getprivate method assertion returns private key null in this case spec spec spec spec spec 
asserts asserts no campo informado com asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method records the data within a buffer associated with the supplied object . spec spec spec 
checks whether the current user is allowed to write a review for the service this feedback belongs to 
determines whether a segment contains a black point asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
handle the key press event on a menu button . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
constructs a scrollable iterator over the given hibernate query string . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
like above but with boolean parameters instead of a bitmask spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
creates the default inverse cumulative probability distribution test input values . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tells whether a given type is an int asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set the enhanced callback for being informed of the snackbar being shown or dismissed through individual callback methods 
makes the library forget about where the asserts binary was located . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
administrators cache refresh every one minutes . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get cardinality of failed jobs asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
load the asserts with policy qualifier info . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculates the set of variables whose cpt s change in response to the evidence provided . asserts 
returns the asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a new value into the histogram . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this adds a property descriptor for the const feature . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes the sax asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
given a query and what page of results we are on return the matching results for that search 
construct a wrappedruntimeexception from a checked exception . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 
this method simulates seconds have asserts by doing specific number of health checks for each server respectively . 
creates a new updater object . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a subset of the values in the array vals to the end of the list in order 
uncollapse node previously collapsed under parent . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
below method will be used to open the thrift writer spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the value of the number rounded to the nearest integer . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new batikregularpolygonelement object . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an indexoutofboundsexception with the specified detail message . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handles unboxing and numeric promotion issues for array dimension expressions array index expression unary and operations asserts 
called by the web container to indicate to a filter that it is being taken out of service 
add objects to the current selection . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a midifileformat . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this member is actually a asserts host . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a method which can be overwritten in mock classes to not read from a socketchannel but from e 
indicates whether the list should not paint the focus component if the list itself has no focus . 
create asset for this product asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
will listen to escape . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
returns a schedule instance that launches the task now . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true for assignability . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the begin location of the tfile . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates the instruction to push the given value on the stack . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether the cart should validate gift cards against finaccount ie internal gift certificates . spec asserts 
obtains the next header from this iteration . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates the paint object for drawing the crop window guidelines . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
attaches a field to the selection state of the selection button . asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
get cardinality of active jobs asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test negative number of radix asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
read the next byte from the peek or from the underlying stream . spec spec spec asserts 
get a textual description of the tree at a given recursion projection level . spec spec asserts 
visits the source of the class . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new numberrangemodel for the given range . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clone the input vector so that this vector has the same values . spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method asserts selenium s until method . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a small static helper which catches nulls for us asserts spec asserts asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the name as user readable string . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
assert that the final value is asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
notify local watches for the given table and key asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
inserts a reference to a serializable object into this dynany . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a new instance backed by a map . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
if this is a simple cover which can also be used on spec machines and similar . 
checks a password with the md hash asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return a string representation for asserts bit reason . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
builds the asserts new instance asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is tinting enabled for the system status bar ? asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
go through the asserts of the tenant and check whether idp with specified type already exists . 
visits a signature corresponding to a primitive type . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks the validity of the single sign on token asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ensures the truth of an expression involving one or more parameters to the calling method . spec 
returns whether full outer joins are supported . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adjusts the parameters of the entry representing this node e . g . spec spec spec asserts 
parses the provided ldap string representation of an ldap url using the default schema . spec spec 
returns the substring to the left of the specified substring in the specified string starting from the right 
abort running builds when new build referencing same revision is scheduled to run spec spec spec asserts 
register a external idp user in the system provider of the tenant asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generate the asserts method and return the set of converter declarations used by the generated method asserts 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
method called to locate deserializer for the passed root level value . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
stops all inspectors . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
destroy key asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
composes and returns a mil std character symbol identification code sidc from this symbolcode s current field values 
convert the aggregated data in this record into a single asserts . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if distinguished user name is a super administrator dn . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new asserts wrapped around an element . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new dummy for the given atom . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
creates a new component object . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a cost matrix that is a copy of another . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convenient method to group paths . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
draws the limitlines associated with this axis to the screen . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
saves all attributes . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add an empty searchdata object to the model asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
takes a hashmap and creates an object . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
checks to see if the size of the file is favorable . spec spec spec spec spec 
change a password read from console . asserts into its original bytes . spec spec spec asserts 
sets up this animatorset to play all of the supplied animations at the same time . asserts 
util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the char by the absolute position asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the textual representation of this nsstring . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
same functionality as asserts constraintparser . parseinsets pad false only this method returns this for chaining multiple calls 
returns true if this list contains the specified element . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a disposable asset to be held asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
downloads an image to a the file system asynchronously and calls the onsuccesscallback with the resulting image . 
wraps a key using this cipher instance . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether the generation of the given class to the given lang is explicitly excluded . asserts 
checks that class level info is compatible asserts classes . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a natural left join asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the log of n choose k . linear time computation . spec spec spec spec spec 
checks if the specified latitude is correct . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if field asserts is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise spec asserts 
check if array is sorted useful for debugging . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method was generated by mybatis generator . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
connect synchronously to specified host and port . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
compares the two arrays . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new bridge for the asserts element . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts by reading from the given url . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
warning assumes strictly bifurcating tree . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
refreshes the display from the model . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a asserts bound to a specific database location . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
start ssl shutdown process . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a new view container object . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts the given date into a string which follows the format used by date fields . spec 
a query that allows to define a custom scoring function . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg stream removing prior exif tags . asserts 
a a b s a row col a row col b row col s . spec asserts 
constructs an adjustmentevent object with the specified adjustable source event type adjustment type and value . asserts 
add an sms to the given uri with the specified thread id . spec spec spec asserts 
cancels all threads in the threadpool asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a new recall evaluator asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to execute this plugin tool . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
receives a char and stores it into the pipedreader . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
start scrolling by providing a starting point and the distance to travel . spec spec spec asserts 
vt byref vt cy c type cy asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cleans up any state . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
merges fd updates and processes them . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a changelistener . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of anonymous record entity . spec spec 
share the required information using the platform sharing services . spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
accept a request . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
convert an object to json using jackson s objectmapper asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize the client config . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns iron chest instance with the given name spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
send handler messages to view communication from service to view . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clear all force fields asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
checks if the tokenizer has any tokens left . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if the given network is a remote routed network of the current network system . asserts 
finish animation all the views which are animating across pages spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
shorthand method for creating a boolean metadata extractor . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates an authorization request with optional root cause information . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads a file from a given inputstream where the hash bundles are specified . spec spec asserts 
returns true if both matrices share at least one identical cell . spec spec spec spec spec 
de serialization ctor . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests the failed creation of an island . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
changes the title based on asserts and asserts . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new reference for an object with class name classname and an address . spec asserts 
add unit to this body . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tell if the table contains the given object . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of adapter . spec spec spec asserts 
creates a months representing the number of whole months between the two specified partial datetimes . spec 
sets the unlimited number of operation retry attempts . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
pack non negative long into output stream . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this exposes additional methods e . g . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
a string showing the priority and content of the message . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
records the last event . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates the format storagesystem serialnumber volume nativeid native guid for volume objects asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts a string to a dom . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes this aspect item to the specified nbt asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
checks if the parser supports the given mime type . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set the separator color from a color . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
readable version of the remote . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a data item to the series . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method was generated by mybatis generator . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
when no selection arguments are given there is no need to bind selection parameters . spec asserts 
creates a new sha object . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of annotable script element . spec asserts 
closes the processing unit container by destroying the web application and the spring application context . asserts 
remove all unused marks out of the sorted collection of marks . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determine if this is an obstacle for another entity . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts asserts can always move asserts will not move during current gc asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts the presence of a single enqueued async contact or host deletion asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method to handle qnames asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns if is managed by svn added normal modified . . . spec spec spec spec asserts 
validates that the bytebuffer instance is valid aka not closed . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
default endpoint string . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
edit a local instruction comment . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a wrapper that decorates the specified primitive map . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
finds the immediate parent of a leaf drawable . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a thumbnail bitmap from an image url if there is some exif metadata which implies to rotate 
create and add a signature to a jsonobject asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
unit test for a simple optional one where the statement pattern can be lifted into the parent group 
v is live in at s . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this function returns the result of linearly interpolating the start and end values with fraction representing the proportion 
this method just invokes the test utils method it is here for convenience spec spec spec asserts 
generate an x certificate based on the current issuer and subject using the default provider bc . 
creates a new ast printer . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
decodes a byte encoded integer according to crypto standards such as w c s xml signature . 
constructs a numericentityescaper outside of the specified values exclusive . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method to handle stop clock button asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compute the checksum over the important bits of a key . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
increments the value . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a file to the request . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the contents of a reader as a string . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method appends destructively an element to the end of this list . spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this is an unmatched request node . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiate a new asserts with a fixed message and the given cause . spec spec spec asserts 
create a step in the passed workflow to resynchronize the backend full copy volumes with the passed uris 
print an object s header asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates and returns a pos d with values representing the difference between this and the pos d in 
resize bounds for each primitive encountered . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determine whether all dimensions given in a new array expression have zero as length . spec asserts 
signals the job with the receive task . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set the necessary options on an httpclient instance to enable permissive ssl connections . asserts spec asserts 
update all widgets in the list asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
renders the clause . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
delivers a mail to a local mailbox in a given folder . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a timebounds object ready for times to be added to it . spec spec spec asserts 
copies all the mappings in the specified map to this map . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prints the result of the network stability test asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the hex value of a character base . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
create a headercard from its component parts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an immutable list containing the given elements in order . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
factory method to create intents that allow to start an action start observe command . spec asserts 
create a custom element of the specified datatype . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this tag is a block tag which is a tag used to add structure to 
writes the html document to a writer . asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
advertising account id . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
gets node for a given key . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
scroll up n lines default line . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a asserts with a fresh state . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a deterministic color based on the provided contact identifier string . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resets time to today . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
skillcaster boosted his mantra range by using skillname . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an instance . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a asserts to the writer . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
rearranges the elements of the specified array in uniformly random order . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
an http webevent handler that checks to see is a userlogin is logged out . spec asserts 
returns a human readable version of the file size where the input represents a specific number of bytes 
searches for a parameter value that is defined as a static constant in this class . asserts 
encodes a string into its url safe form using the specified string charset . spec spec asserts 
no enable for scan base service package asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parses the csv according to the given strategy and returns the next csv value as string . 
closes this udp datagram socket and all possibly associated channels . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
describe the asserts asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to set a particular ip binding in the pool as a fixed static ip lease . 
build an appeventslogger instance to log events through . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
loads the three resources files . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new builder instance for oneof keyword . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handle player joining server loading and server teleportation . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
performs intialization of the scheme . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
circularly increment i . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
checks if a player can use a given gadget type . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new exception with the specified localized text messages and cause . spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a handlerthread . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
randomize the order of the list elements . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the number of substitute trace pieces . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
parse a comment string cursor is at a . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
todo need think about if multi put is necessary by checking if spec works spec spec asserts 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
generate the random byte to be sent asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new view that represents a list element . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
creates a default stream metadata object and merges in the supplied metadata . spec spec spec asserts 
if the lock state matches the given stamp releases the corresponding mode of the lock . asserts 
constructs a remote resource from its filename and its sha checksum . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test of setindexedproperty method of class unboundbean . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sends an update custom initiative packet asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
convert a year month and day of month given in the proleptic gregorian calendar to epoch days . 
returns a less or more readable representation of a bytecode for the pattern . spec spec spec 
write a long value in the registry asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true for a post operation and false for a get operation asserts spec spec spec asserts 
action to be performed asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
ensures that our long can hold at least desiredlongcount bits . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
appends page specific properties to the page instance bundle . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests submitting a sequential event that publishes to all sessions . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts the given operations returning true if all return true or returning false and stopping if any return 
recovers a model run asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test local destroy . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new icc profilegray from a profiledeferralinfo object . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create the new stream impl . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
searches git asserts script . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize the view of the listener asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
loads and initializes any asserts that have been created but are not associated with any solr components . 
converts a numeric section into a full description string for an update message . spec spec asserts 
refills the input buffer . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a asserts from a unit object and a local object . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a query builder which allows building a query thanks to a json string or binary data . 
creates the xmlparser with the namespace and schema file for validation . spec spec spec spec spec 
returns the last pushed value . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts a jaxb object and writes to an outputstream object . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
add a list of pages to an experiment asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets whether this node is a password . asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
busca un campo relacional a partir del nombre asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the owner in the given line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether the current category is managed by the custodian e . g . spec spec asserts 
finishes the activity when the up button is pressed on the action bar . spec spec asserts 
returns a new join response builder . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
signals start of the nearest neighbour search . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
make sure views are touching the top or bottom edge as appropriate for our gravity spec asserts 
returns the determinant of a x matrix . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method is called when the attributes of an xml element have been processed . spec spec 
set click longclick listener for the header images asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of legacy octal int literal . spec 
remove expired asserts . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
send a warn log message asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new asserts with the given trustanchor and asserts . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
push boolean value on to the spacepreserve stack . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an online search problem with the specified action function goal test and a default step cost function 
negate this vector . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
recursively sets state machine values . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the same as the similarly named javax . net . socketfactory operation . spec spec spec asserts 
you cannot request a duel to as the player is currently busy . spec spec spec asserts 
creates a random initialization vector iv of iv length bytes . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prepares a drawable from a pre fabricated shape definition . spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
refills the input buffer . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
unsupported because htmlreporter doesn t participate in visitor implementation . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
validates the input xml as string against the schema . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return number of rows . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
when true sail will compute asserts at query time that were excluded from forward closure . asserts 
turn any exception into an asserts log it set the response status code according to what the specifications 
removes the object at the top of this stack and returns that object as the value of this 
adds a host limit to the query asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
encodes binary data using the base algorithm but does not chunk the output . spec spec spec 
subtracts the given color from this color asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct product sku dto service . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
activates a light activating all its asserts objects . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
jdbc . update a column with a boolean value . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a navigated delegate for fragment . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the jars in the given directory to classpath asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new api reil block object . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
there is no useful output from this command unless there is an error which we will throw 
determines if an item is obscured by a header asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
non exclusively acquires the lock if it is immediately available . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an instance set to the specified date and time using isochronology . spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new appdata for the given page and package . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an instance of the diskbasedcache at the specified directory . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
creates instance with provided non writable types . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
check if the currently performed attack is ranged . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get a new instance of a fresh internal state . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method will form the dictionary directory paths asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get a md string which is similar to os md sum spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new index exception with the specified formatted detail message . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prints the error message with ansi escape asserts . asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
writes carriers and their plans into a xml file . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find the first readable file belonging to the roll that the cursor points to . spec asserts 
generates the string representation in more detail . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
note due to introspection this is a slow method to call and should never be called during actual 
converts special characters in ascii into html entities e . g . spec spec spec spec asserts 
returns the index of the last line of the chunk . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
creates a new binaryhttpresponsehandler and overrides the default allowed content types with passed string array hopefully of content 
constructs a new retry policy using the default timeouts . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
record the fact that a servlet context attribute was removed . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes a binary output stream from standard output . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
deserialize the string into token restriction object . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
scan a single node . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
initializes the item . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts if p point is located in the interiour of this box . spec spec spec asserts 
build the namespace and store specific redis key for the given key . spec spec spec spec 
get process now . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
make a string from the contents of this jsonarray . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an immutable array . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the jth element of given segment array if nonnull with volatile element access semantics via unsafe . 
you are unable to fly because skillcaster used skillname on you . spec spec spec spec asserts 
output xml list of project phase tasks asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test with a non default token separator and with unigrams disabled spec spec spec spec spec spec 
initialize with information required to take a screenshot asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
check whether the ipv address of compressed or uncompressed . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns index for hash code h . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicate whether checks are failing or passing . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
non exclusively acquires the lock blocking if necessary until available . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
default material light green transparent style for supertoasts . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a list from an array of objects spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
validates a tag key . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a new hash doc attribute set initially populated with the given value . spec spec asserts 
default colour opacity . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates a new server context with session token information for vso and saves it as the active context 
returns the remote client s port . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the contents in the hex editor to the contents of the specified input stream . asserts 
creates and returns a validator which allows to combine multiple validators in a conjunctive manner . asserts 
forward a asserts to all registered asserts listeners . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
validate the service state for coherence . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the from part of the range query . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a filter with the given x kernel . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
example implementation of the switch view spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes non java source files from list asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
forcefully fits the vector in the given aabb . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
offset needed to select a specific subset of users . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write a string to file asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
transform a rectangle with all matrices with potential animation phases . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new exception with null as its detail message . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
paints the background of a desktop pane . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
start grid by default . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
animates the drawing rendering of the chart on both x and y axis with the specified animation time 
escaped underscore encoding can encode any java identifier . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a multisig aggregate modification transaction . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
will give an amount of asserts that is taken to run a specific complex chunk of code . 
creates a new instance of managesieveexception . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
draws the text bottom and right border of the pentagon and returning the used height . asserts 
provides a mapping from the view coordinate space to the logical coordinate space of the model . 
creates a authentication domains view bean . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
moves the longest waiting thread if one exists from the wait queue for this condition to the wait 
add a blocked criteria entry . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
flag to show if pdf document contains an outline asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
allows the mbean to perform any operations needed after having been registered in the mbean server or after 
creates exception with specified error message and cause . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add an ambient light based on the current color mode . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes key value pair to index . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
extracts server side exception message thrown over the aidl layer after parsing it based on spec asserts 
constructs and returns a new dimensional slice view representing the slices and rows of the given column . 
return the json data formatted with two spaces for indents . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
internal return whether the query s backup object has an attribute value of null . spec spec 
zooms in on the domain axis axes . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
rewrite location header if it would have the user go directly to the application . spec spec 
checks if a file is gzipped and returns the appropriate stream . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
log the message if the debug level is greater or equal to the level . spec asserts 
creates an instance of the associated element type . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
handle test command at foo ? . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a datalengthexception with the given message . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convenience method for generating a method signature in human readable form . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
binds an action listener to drop events which are invoked when this component is dropped on a target 
attempts to find the next occurrence of a pattern constructed from the specified string ignoring delimiters . 
hack the real method is in reflect . java which is not public . spec spec asserts 
write an signed integer using a variable length encoding . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parses the atom flags out of the additional integer component of a full atom . spec spec 
convert list of asserts . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
fails iff values does not contain a number within epsilon of x . spec spec spec asserts 
gets runner configuration by each configuration name . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the distance to widget s parent in y asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the graphical representation of a series . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a java runtime property to the properties hashtable . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
note that to avoid foreign key issues when the groups are created a asserts should have a lower 
disallow teleporting to specified area . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
get whether tax is included based on the original order asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
no database tables used so all supported asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a new instance . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find the fields constant that matches fieldid or null if its not found . spec spec asserts 
returns the pseudorandom used asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
overloads the left shift operator to provide an easy way to append multiple objects as string representations to 
writes the one bytes out . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new instance of invalidattributevalueexception using an explanation . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method gets called when a gcm message is received . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads the data available in receive buffer . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if two trees are equal . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
try to get current location by specific provider spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
creates an entry to store the key value data . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
is the condition code greater equal ? asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
function will remove piped piper npc object asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
compute a default asserts size for the polygon . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method used to confirm changes in the dialog asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
this method was generated by mybatis generator . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if the message is an server tagged exception . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a radio button that has the specified text image and selection state . spec spec asserts 
constructs a priority queue that contains the elements of another priority queue . spec spec spec asserts 
gets the value of the asserts property . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
performs a test where no responces are given the stun client so that it concludes it is behind 
create and return a new bufferedimage of type bufferedimage . type int argb rendered from the specified base 
write your own initialization here asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
construct an xpp driver . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the value of the asserts property . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if instances are equal asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
replaces length characters starting from position with text . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
attribute a parsed identifier . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
copy a local file to a remote directory uses the specified mode and remote filename when creating the 
checks if given number might potentially result in a call to an emergency service on the current network 
fires a open event on all registered handlers in the handler manager . if no such handlers exist 
validates a pattern a asserts is thrown if validation fails . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs a new handleexception with the specified detail message and cause . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the size of the cache . spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets whether this node is focused . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
formats a protocol version . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new selection with the given list of session nodes . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates the asserts in the given gradle wrapper properties file . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is the server configured to use lower case table names only ? asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks that the dimensions of the objective function and the constraints match . spec spec spec asserts 
checks if is editable . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method for reading sequence of objects from parser stream . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the total number of bytes written to this stream so far . spec spec spec asserts 
writes the object using a dedicated serialized form . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create the color patch sprite . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method was generated by mybatis generator . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialization common to both activatable and transient instances . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates new instance of storage for storing temporary data . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
checks whether the underlying stream can be read from . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
given the current image buffer and the desired width and height of the new projection return a fresh 
initializes the child array to the correct size . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize the vector of extended types with the basic dom node types . spec spec spec asserts 
get an optional boolean associated with a key . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
this method is used internally to prevent the addition of a certificate through the spec . asserts 
serialization deserialization compatibility with ri . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
performs a simple get on the given url spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the datetime for a given human readable string formatted bigquery timestamp . spec spec spec spec 
translates a std instruction to reil code . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add dependencies to the custom request scope asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
destroy needs to clean up the context completely . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get value from boolean using normalized index asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create the engine . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return a string representation of this solarisnumericuserprincipal . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
logs that the user exceeded the row limit and schedules a transmission soon . spec spec asserts 
create event with given parameters . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of this entry cache config manager . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
creates a new x principal from a string representation of a distinguished name . spec spec asserts 
computes a t statistic given observed values and a comparison constant . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a matrix from a copy of a d array . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
helper method to convert a byte array such as a msgid to a hex string spec asserts 
create transmit exception from transmit result . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
perform the internal processing required to invalidate this session without triggering an exception if the session has already 
register a namespace prefix spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write an error message to stderr . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
always returns false since this state machine can never become final . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method is called when executing this application from the command line . spec spec spec asserts 
destroys the class loader . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines whether a bridge has been established between the specified brokers . establishment means that connections have been 
create a zeroed table . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of pool . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
computes the next configuration given a transition . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the values range . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
getter to find out if the signature is a certification signature . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
some data of the currently simulated leg is cached to speed up the simulation . spec asserts 
called when the activity receives a new intent . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if the passed permission is part of the allowed permission set in this entry . asserts 
returns the cell representing the specified offset into the hex document . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculate the local name or psuedo name of the node that this pattern will test for hash table 
exits from the launcher app . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes a key value pair to rya . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
turns the direction by p factor times degree asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
contexts bogustyperef returns intersectiontypeexpression typerefwithmodifiers returns intersectiontypeexpression constraint typerefs typerefwithoutmodifiers typerefs typerefwithoutmodifiers undefmodifier undefmodifiertoken ? spec asserts 
is address in the range of this subspace ? asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
generates monthly periods for the whole year in which the given period s startdate exists . asserts 
unsubscribes from a topic asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes from this set all of its elements that are contained in the specified collection optional operation . 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
notifies the user about port asserts . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
makes the class visible for the fd client asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a new instance of spec by reading downward the productid s bill of materials explosion . 
parse platform user object from json web token asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the default values for a new user . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the indicator as to whether this uri uses the generic uri syntax . spec spec asserts 
construct a new instance with the specified character sequence . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
post process the side effect and return the post processed side effect . spec spec spec asserts 
returns if it begins static text message display asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
implement the parcelable interface asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
general overhead for ids is times the length of the id spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
starts ims connection manager spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a decoding exception suitable for use when an unexpected ldap response is received . spec asserts 
returns a prefix to be used in asserts messages representing asserts warnings . spec spec spec asserts 
write integer to little endian asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns true if field corresponding to fieldid is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise 
should either of the player s held items reveal hidden blocks ? asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set a flag indicating default route is set for the network spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes the given int value to the named shared preference . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the curent contents of this byte stream as a string . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a context classloader instance asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates whether this key is valid . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
unused not implemented asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
notifies all the action listeners of the event . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
acceptable values for dilationradius which sets the distance in pixels to sample out from the center are and 
tell whether component contains pan gesture asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance with the specified headers . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
two videos will generate the same hashcode if they have exactly the same values for their name url 
constructs a asserts object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates new form asserts spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
multiplies this by b and returns the result in a new polynomialgf n . spec spec asserts 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method will be used to get and update the step properties which will required to run this 
deserializes a pair . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
warning this call will initiate a call to the session to obtain the members the first time around 
the timezone in which to base the schedule . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
obtains the string description of the rgb components of a color . spec spec spec spec spec 
return number of moves in the solution . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new tree . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the current version by reading the version . properties file spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the optional double value associated with an index . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new modifiers from the specified modifiers . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tell if the string is whitespace . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove all samples from header and records asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the value of the asserts property . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
send the order to the order microservice and wait for reply . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes a crosshair from the range axis with index . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a random number from the distribution . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
registers this processor as a membership listener and returns a set of the current members . asserts 
delete the specified tenant . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
retrieve a materialized detail plot . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns the encoded url rewritten to include the session id . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the canonical encoding of this header . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a new asserts object . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets query type . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
helper method for creating a technical service with the given tags . spec spec spec spec spec 
returns false since this imageinputstream does not maintain a file cache . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
turns a leaf of the tree into an internal node with two leaf children spec spec asserts 
constructs a new fastadjacencysearch . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the next element in scan order asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new iterator over all values for the specified key . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an instance from the given values sorting them in the process . spec spec spec asserts 
create a file description from the specified file handle . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
is this a critical command that can only be executed when no other command is running ? 
test simple map deserialization works . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
visible for testing . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
decodes asn . string type asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tell whether or not the host part of this uri is ipv reference . spec spec asserts 
calculates the cross product of this vector with another . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
adds a listener to receive notifications about explorer tree selection change . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the raw string matched as a phone number in the searched text . spec spec asserts 
tell if this element type has the basic bit properties that are passed as an argument . 
creates an initial port and starts to listen . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
you aborted entering . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the top k items on this beam . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new build version using the provided version information . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
builds an intent that creates a shortcut to launch the provided script in the background . asserts 
the method is invoked on mousepressed mousereleased and mousedragged events that come from the mapbean through droplistenersupport . 
return a asserts reflecting the insertion of a single character into the text . spec spec spec 
set the value of the matrix element at column and row spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handles ch cases asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
returns the error as xml . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adjusts the contents of the piece jail based on the game state . spec spec spec asserts 
parse and prepare the given sql statement . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a timezone object based upon a time zone id . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prints out some data on this node . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
determines if current l f is asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a wrapper for the given datawrapper . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert list of voorganization . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
left shift this mutablebiginteger n bits where n is less than . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates the asserts . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a frustum two meters wide centered at the origin . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clients cant save because they do not have the delegate data . spec spec spec spec spec 
sends an inform using snmp v inform request format . spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
equivalent to integer . tostring i radix . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tells whether this stream supports the mark operation which it does . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the tip text for this property . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invokes the delegate s append charsequence method . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns nested contents from the reader given at init asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
could be overridden programmatically . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
resumes waiting load display tasks asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
returns true if a subexpression exists that is a minutes part . spec spec spec spec asserts 
returns the string up to but not including any of the given characters or a newline character . 
create an allocation site for a given source code line column . spec spec spec spec spec 
plays a stream synchronously . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new builder . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test two byte arrays for deep equality . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invokes the uninstallui method on each ui handled by this object . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parse the request results . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
fabricate an address instance from an integer after zero extending the integer . spec spec spec asserts 
action to be performed asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
append to the tostring a float value . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates the shared secret . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if the device capabilities need to be checked to update the count of available texture units . 
resets all zooming and dragging and makes the chart fit exactly it s bounds . spec asserts 
comprueba si una prevision puede ser asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
new bigdecimal char value int offset int len mathcontext mc spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a class that can be used to evaluate an ip address using the information decoded from the 
add column with constraints and horizontal grow priority for the column . spec spec spec spec asserts 
visit an attribute value template at the top level . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test if the specified key exists . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts the input of the individual counts from the bucket nodes . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
request a check of the field definition . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the earliest non whitespace tok in the token . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compare two instances of the class mapped by this type for persistence equality . spec spec asserts 
returns first element only if it is expired . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a versionexception with a cause asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tell if this expression or it s subexpressions can traverse outside the current subtree . spec asserts 
puts the entry with the specified key into the cache . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
the attribute qualifier is used to declare variables that are passed to a vertex shader from opengl on 
creates a new user generated playlist . spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write corpus . tab asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
emits a tuple to the default output stream with a null message id . spec spec asserts 
add data to the internal collection of data . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a fire . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
update both the primary and class indices for the provided device . asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
recalculates all displayed values asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
default implementation of tinthashingstrategy delegates hashing to hashfunctions . hash int . spec spec spec spec spec 
get the mapped reads in sam bam format . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reset the tap . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes all via headers from request and replaces them with a new one equal to the one that 
check if the directory exists . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes propertychangelistener with a shared object that delegates interesting propertychangeevents to protected methods . spec spec asserts 
this method initialize all the virtual keyboard special buttons . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
contexts annotatedexpression returns n classexpression annotatedexpression returns n classexpression constraint annotationlist annotatedexpression n classexpression name bindingidentifier ? 
sometimes a different provider is preferable for key derivation . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether it has the experiment id . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates and returns a formatted aligned multi line string representation of this object spec spec spec asserts 
reads the state from the stream . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
computes the cartesian coordinates of a sector s center . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
description of the method spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
revoke member admin rights of group asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
log the time the user has spent on a webpage spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
send a verbose log message . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new request configured to upload an image to create a staging resource . spec asserts 
notify the membership that this member has announced itself . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
send a warn log message and log the exception . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a new reference uri scheme enumeration value with the given integer value . spec spec asserts 
checks whether the searchable should be included in global search . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determine if a given package is still running . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
prints an integer to standard output and flushes standard output . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the sum of squared residuals of the simple linear regression model y a bx . spec 
read an arraylist object from an xmlpullparser . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
subclasses can convert the value by default it s returned as provided by kafka . spec spec 
return true if we re stopping or are stopped asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the example . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs a asserts based on a location on the screen spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
utility method for writing specific nbt data in a pe manipulator . spec spec spec spec spec 
measure a file to see if it fits within the free space threshold . spec spec spec 
clear all collections . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
searches for static groups in this organization using wildcards . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
if html code is waiting for rendering rendering is started . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
accept the visitor . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
paints the border of a radio button . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
given the name based information in this accessor remove the value from the passed in map . 
filter a skipped entity event . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a jdk stream from the supplied adapter asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a new data series to the chart with the specified title . spec spec spec asserts 
register a namespace prefix spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a value to the millis value . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
inflate a single overlay from overlay configuration already presented as separate lines . spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new samlversionmismatchexception without a nested throwable . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an unsigned int by masking it with xffffffff i . e . spec spec spec spec 
respond by send a message in the channel to the user that set the mode in user message 
removes all of the elements from this list . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
drops the underlying database table . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
disallow construction of utility class . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the string representation in ion format of this timestamp in utc . spec spec spec asserts 
finishes all activities except landing asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
check whether certificate is valid . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds an algorithm . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes a float to the given dataoutputstream where the data is in little endian . spec asserts 
performs a find on the text and sets the selection accordingly . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
downloads an object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
opens a new segment writer with a specified sequence . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
recalculate price in shopping cart . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs a new instance with the given detail message . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reset the velocity tracker back to its initial state . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a chunk d from an entity based on it s location and dimension . spec spec 
reads a signed int value in the given byte array . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
visits the given type specific ast node . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a request to publish an item to a node . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
default ctor for instantiation by the extension point . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts object . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prints out the contents of this list asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new relation with the initial set of relations contained in the array of relations passed in 
creates a new category marker . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find the last position with a smaller or equal key . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns true if the query is null or it s a properly formatted query string . spec 
return the smallest rectangle containing the intersection of this rectangle and the given rectangle . spec asserts 
attempt to redo the last action . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculates the current asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
guaranteed to throw an exception and leave the map unmodified . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
fires edit option on the selection . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string representation of this entry . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
hides the gui by either sending it to the system tray or minimizing the window . spec 
get cardinality of completed jobs . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a formatter for a new page of a table . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string representation of the given matrix . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
refills the input buffer . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test loadfromxml with unsupported encoding asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
appends the specified element to the end of this list . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes from this set all of its elements that are contained in the specified collection . asserts 
concatenates simplestring s asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new object of the same class as this object . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the document to index in bytes form assumed to be safe to be used from different threads 
returns a cached instance if such is available or a new one is instantiated . spec spec 
reads a byte of uncompressed data . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
push increment y until k then reset and start with y etc . . . basically a counter 
constructs a new xpathfactoryconfigurationexception with the specified detail message . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an action with duration and color spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a asserts for expressions like def x y asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write packet asserts and two additional bytes asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
you do not have enough necessary to use the skill . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
construct a asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method called when user clicks on ok . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of the debugger events panel . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
encode the image in a specific format . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resets the scanner to read from a new input stream . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cleans up a single reference . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
todo important update implementation when more operations are moved into the service spec spec spec spec spec 
mutates this frame to contain the given asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
asserts function calculate the minimal distance from vector p to the border of the corresponding r region at 
add a new data value to the current estimator . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new editorkit used for styled documents . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
show empty view when there are not data to show spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
put to the resource at the passed uri . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new normal boundary intersection weight generator . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
execute logic with a delay between the end of the last execution and the beginning of the next 
cancel all operations that were submitted with the given tag spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove the specified member from the sorted set value stored at key . spec spec spec asserts 
inner method which handles the device request . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
verify the valid class use for construction . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the container so that it can be started manually when added during server runtime . spec 
returns true if the method returns asserts has no declared exceptions and is a non static member of 
method called to deserialize pojo value from a json floating point number . spec spec spec asserts 
hand inlined scanning of objects . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
convert byte array to char array where each char is constructed from two bytes . spec asserts 
creates new instance of class which implements specified dto interface parses specified json data and uses parsed data 
returns an unmodifiable tree backed by the passed tree . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test that a client that has already seen the first change now see the second change . 
determines if the specified coordinate falls anywhere inside the given bounds . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates the appropriate set of counters to indicate that an operation was abandoned without sending a response to 
write our internal representation to output stream os in the appropriate way as determined by our type . 
tests whether more than one aggregation level exists for the dataelement . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add an argument to the jvm used to execute findbugs . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parses the given input stream . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether to draw the section for the given child . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method does nothing . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns an immutable list containing the given elements in order . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
terminates an ongoing login call that has not yet completed . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
reverses the order of the bits of the specified long value . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
expands non entity polymorphic classes into their child types . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
returns the signature that was built by this signature writer . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
searches for dynamic groups in this organization unit using wildcards and attribute values . spec spec asserts 
creates a menu with the provided text . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
creates a rounds asserts engine . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts the internal buffer to the underlying stream as a hash block asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts from a javascript module specifier the string after from in import to an internal qualified name . 
append to the end of the path of this uri . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
execute this pattern step including predicates . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
send a warning log message asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
computes the value of the linear equation at the current point . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
version of getfirstqueuedthread called when fastpath fails spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the function marks the beginning of the subrs index and adds the spec subrs index to the output 
this method will convert list of byte array to list of string asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a boolean flag signaling whether a ssl session is valid and available for resuming or joining or 
instantiates a new performance logger . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
put the asserts style or stylemap in the list of shared styles associated to its spec spec 
your magical buffs were dispelled because skillcaster used skillname on you . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
inner method which handles the process names request asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes a message to the access logger with information about the completion of the provided search operation . 
removes a named non null style previously added to the document . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sends a partitionedregion asserts to the recipient asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handler for when the folder does not support the seen flag . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a language limit to the query asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new exception with null as its detail message . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the current wall clock time . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
records a new value into the summary information spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new secondary calendar using the asserts feed . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get a map from token names to token types . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
deregisters an existing configuration delete listener . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
common code for submitting a request for discovery . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads the specified number of bytes into a new byte . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new iso reader from the inputstream . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new checkbox object . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads the food data for the player . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests the functionality of the emailaddress method which expects a context as a parameter . spec spec 
visit an xslt top level instruction . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a new array containing all elements contained in this vector . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the next key . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method is called when the spinner s model s state changes . spec spec spec asserts 
a asserts connection needs no extra information so we reimplement the superclass method to just write the necessary 
creates a copy of the passed in particle asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
attempts to initialize a logback logger factory via the given class loader . spec spec spec asserts 
check if the given property declaration is mandatory . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
does a given url point to google book search regardless of domain . spec spec spec asserts 
adds all the radio buttons to the group asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prepares next chunk to match new size . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
c a b asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of execution context . spec spec asserts 
issue a post with the given parameters . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the supplied file should be accepted i . e . spec spec spec asserts 
splits a way at a given node asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
does this index belong to a primary key constraint ? spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether the given node and the other object match . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
istime returns true if string argument time forms a valid time . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets n characters from the middle of a string . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
wraps a location inside a asserts . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
send one byte of urgent data on the socket . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
notify that a window has moved . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts that the script runs without any exceptions asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test getting a resource which should be in a different jar file as this class . asserts 
adds an object to a given location . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates the handles for the inner types of the given binary type . spec spec spec spec 
creates new name for the given attribute . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found . spec spec asserts 
checks if is visible . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
validates if the value of property end ip is correct and adheres to the expected format asserts 
add a natural left join asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
finds and returns the first non empty descendant settings node page using depth first search . asserts 
resets this stream to the beginning of the underlying byte array . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
dumps the current program to a system . out . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method validates a state object for internal consistency . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns short from given array of nibbles . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if player is in a world in which achievements must not be received . spec asserts 
return the request url including query parameters . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns asserts or not show the dialog to the user spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test rangequery again with an arabic collator . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method is used only for internal tests . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
puts a new attribute mapping . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes all live attributes for this element . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
inserts item into given position . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cast result object to a boolean but allow side effects such as the incrementing of an iterator . 
checks the completion of parent styles when the attribute is empty spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find the best matching node with respect to the tokens underneath this node . spec spec asserts 
handling of the locking mechanism using asserts keeper . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
concatenate the given string arrays into one with overlapping array elements included twice . spec spec spec 
restore a persistent object must wait for subsequent setbeancontext to fully restore any resources obtained from the new 
parts a channel giving a reason . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a service profile view bean . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove security manager matching given id asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
transforma un array de integer en un array de int spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes all elements from the list . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of runtime project dependency . spec asserts 
reads the examples into memory in the order they are delivered by the given reader . asserts 
find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found . spec spec asserts 
overridden to handle special fr castling rules . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the given storage file exists spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
finds an element that is clickable . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
overrides super implementation to replace case insensitive comparison logic by case sensitive comparison of names . spec 
update the attribute index for a deleted entry . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
print attributes to system . out asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
throws an exception with a message when charsequence is null spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a copy of the given item . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs the test case . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove all synapse group nodes associated with a synapse group . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
checks if child element has same owner document before appending to the parent and imports it to the 
ends the select object action . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return true if we may draw some area features . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds entry address to lru queue . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generate a new commitment to protect coniks users data . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the duplicate node list . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new ordinal rank based statistical test for the specified number of groups and the comparator for 
returns the address the object is located at warning this does not return a pointer so be warned 
cancel all previously shown notifications . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
custom deserialization method . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set the encoding used to parse the response . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates objectidentifier oid from array of integers . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return an interval that contains all points within a distance radius of a point in this interval . 
add the relationship from the source of the type to the target object . spec spec spec 
in the following method an clipping shape is converted to an svg asserts . spec spec asserts 
gets the contents at the given url . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
append a specified plugin name to a base name . spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
override the scroller instance with our own class so we can change the duration spec spec asserts 
convert a string to a long since . it handles hex spec and octal ddd notations . 
returns the text matched by the current regular expression . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
use our ui delegate for the specified ui control type . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
receive notification of the beginning of an element additional namespace or attribute information can occur before or after 
add or replace placeholder for a new image that does not exist yet . spec spec spec 
this class should not be instantiated . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
hex string to byte asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
returns new movepath for the currently selected movement type asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads a ycck jpeg image from the provided inputstream converting the colors to rgb using the provided cmyk 
skilltarget is in the elemental maximum defense state because skillcaster used skillname . spec spec spec asserts 
creates a random string whose length is the number of characters specified . spec spec spec spec 
wires together remaining non asserts pieces . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates reader from file input stream spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
marshals to output the value in this shortholder object . spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
convenience method for encoding data to a file . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines the register priority for an instruction s output result operand . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
given a resource figure out what the target url should be for a launch configuration corresponding to this 
determines whether the address is an ipv link local address . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates new instance of detailsview . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method for marking specified type as asserts meaning that provider will not try to read or write values 
create an instance of referencetype asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a matcher which matches methods with matching name . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds to furnace and asserts and induction smelter asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
construct a new asserts instance . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
publishes the provided logrecord . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
deletes an existing element in a collection and tests update and delete permissions . spec spec asserts 
pushed p element onto the stack . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method will start the text ticker asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
factory method to create the implementation instance spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
closes all pending queries and release all threads and resources . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new invalidframeexception datatype . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method to reset the generator to produce the same sequence again from the beginning . spec spec 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
redraw car with new x value asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check whether a path matches any of the given matchers . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
register a listener for an incoming packet type . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
coverts given chars array to array of doubles . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a named attachment . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convenience method that calculates the union of two rectangles without allocating a new rectangle . spec spec 
returns true if field clusterjoinresponse is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise spec asserts 
read all strings until the end of input is reached and return them . spec spec asserts 
lazily constructed resolver used for storing mappings from abstract classes to more specific implementing classes which may be 
muestra la pagina anterior en el applet asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize stream colors . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
iterates through a list passing each item to the given closure . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
builds up a solrinputdocument using the specified fields then adds it to the specified client as well as 
returns a hash code for this range . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
helper method to find a key in a map . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
finish the building step and return a asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
possibly pops traversal state . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
create a new linkedcaseinsensitivemap that stores lower case keys according to the given locale . spec spec 
returns true if the two assignments are mutually consistent i . e . spec spec spec asserts 
reset the connection and wait for it to complete . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize connector state for given partitions with current vbucketuuid and sequence number . spec spec spec asserts 
context length k . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compares two stun attributes . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an internationalized description of the menushortcut . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new exception with the specified detail message and cause . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a new x value to the chart data . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compares two points by distance to this point . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct new nbttagdouble without name and as value . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs and returns a pathpoint object that describes a line to the given xy location . asserts 
sets delay time before starting loading task . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reverse accrual none asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
get allow logging . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
saves a property list with the given object as root into a binary file . spec asserts 
reads byte array from input stream accounting for null values . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the approximator with type none spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates a view by the defined layoutres spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new lucenesearcher using an in memory search index . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an immutable map containing three mappings . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the style keys of the content . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
requery with new asserts spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
update th list of key items for correct location of coordinates spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find the next node for the tag . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if this connection is currently involved in a transaction spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
blast some random strings through the analyzer asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns a subset of the tuple based on the fields selector . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
notifies all listeners that have registered interest for notification on this event type . spec spec asserts 
constructs a normalized indicator for the specified problem and corresponding reference set . spec spec spec asserts 
play a track at a given position in the player playlist . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sort string representing numbers in ascending order . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return true if the specified path after being transformed by the current matrix would lie completely outside of 
formats a character into a string like sprintf in c spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
register a namespace prefix spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this map contains no key value mappings . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
builds a new app card for the asserts . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct the object associating the update message with the replication domain that must be used to replay it 
sets the context state which is to be sent to the message api as a part of the 
creates an exception instance if the charset encoding could not be determined . spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a host limit to the query given host and system host asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create labels for each ring . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new container and copies resource there . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an ofbizurlbuilder instance . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
getter for property asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes this static object with the context of the calling activity . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a windowevent object with the specified opposite window . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this utility class cannot be instantiated asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
marks the present position in the stream . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes soft wraps with offsets equal or larger than a given offset from storage . spec spec 
same which test null . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
produces a new type variable with a unique name . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
blocking call that returns only when the earlier latch completed . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
handles tab selected event . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an unselected radio button with the specified text . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert a cookie specification string into a jsonobject . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
flushes the writer without throwing any exceptions . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
waits for all runnable to have finished their execution . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method joins each value in the collection with a tab character as the delimiter . spec 
notifies the onscrolllistener of an onscroll event since jazzylistview is the primary listener for onscroll events . 
jms . look up the named connectionfactory object . asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
adds an item to the context menu after any previously added items . spec spec spec asserts 
checks if a flag is granted by default asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns only those parameters with a corresponding metric value meeting or exceeding a threshold value . spec 
negate this vector . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether the entry has subordinates or not . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
handles the exception thrown from jdt core when the attached javadoc cannot be retrieved due to accessibility issues 
checks that the given value is strictly within the range lo hi . spec spec spec asserts 
log a procedure return with parameters . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
build a random left regular bipartite graph of given left and right sizes . spec spec spec 
constructs a new instance . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this is a not like or false if just a like spec spec asserts 
set the help page based on the currently selected neuron type . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
change device lock code . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method to write the solution progress to file . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 
tests if the current thread has the lock on this domain . spec spec spec spec spec 
later here have to be checked the inheritance hierarchy too . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the number of declared states spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates reserve disk cache folder which will be used if primary disk cache folder becomes unavailable asserts 
the endpoint ping ping will respond with the message alive if the application is running . asserts 
a convenience method which adds transactions . get . get fieldname to initialvalue all done in bigdecimal to 
encode the user information as a string . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a builder . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compute the unboxed type associated with t asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a token for use internally by this token factory . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
synchronous browse service request . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method just updates the passed in asserts map with the new storage ports assigned for the initiator 
append to the tostring an indicator for null . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns all the text at the given url . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
terminate instrumentation of the application . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
next business day . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if c is a character that should be wrapped on . spec spec spec spec 
construye un objeto de la clase . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a mixture model from a list of distributions and their associated weights . spec spec spec 
construct with connecting to device asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if the class provided in the configuration is an acceptable java class for a synchronization provider . 
this ctor interprets the string as the exact sequence to send byte for byte . spec asserts 
print the linear model at this node asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns true if field asserts is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise spec asserts 
returns whether it has the value . spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when we are done downloading the block chain . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether the given flags includes the abstract modifier . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this queue is empty . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get scope global rather than selected asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads one response header line and adds it to the headers map . spec spec spec asserts 
shiftright int n n spec asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
deactivates logging of this kind of error . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set up the size of the graph and scale all the axes correctly . spec spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
you inflicted num damage on skilltarget by using skillname . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get a sublist of the list . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
connect to a network with the given asserts . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test repeat vars when no call to init has been done . spec spec spec spec asserts 
creates a modify server view bean . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
applies a procedure to each element of the receiver if any . spec spec spec spec asserts 
test confirming fix for act asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests if the specified file is older than the specified time reference . spec spec spec asserts 
shows a confirmation dialog . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string representation of the contents of this byte sequence using hexadecimal characters and a percent prefix 
removes all added listeners . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
protector received num damage inflicted on skilltarget because of the protection effect cast on it . spec 
minimum aggregation function . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is this usable by the specified player ? asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
finds current revision value . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
translate storageport object to asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
draws the checked state . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
simulate a login using an insecure method . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
deletes files or folders based on it id asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
visits the end of the field . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
wait until async load complete asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
creates a layout manager that will lay out components along the given axis . spec spec spec 
builds the exception message asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
returns the tip text for this property . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a file based repository in the given location . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
constructs an instance of the policyevaluationexception . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
commit any outstanding bit writes and flush the underlying output stream . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a display with caller defined print streams . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
this method should be called by all tools to print the location so users see a consistent method 
creates an asserts by decoding the provided byte array . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the default behavior of this method is to return asserts string role on the wrapped request object . 
checks whether exitvalue signals a failure . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
formats the input string for inclusion in a url . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sends a pong for every ping asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calls apache solr to answer the given user request . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
shortcut method with criteria asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invokes the shutdown hook to signal the directory server to stop running . spec spec spec asserts 
purpose mark user two asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the number of unprocessed tokens remaining in the string . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string representation of the given matrix with axis as well as rows and columns labeled . 
compares this object with the specified object for order . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds server to a site . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a byte to denote the type of the field spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called to indicate to this component that dnd is done . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
formats messages using messageformat class . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
clear possible sensitive data asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove all views and animators . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the bytes of the given ip address or masked ip address . spec spec spec asserts 
send the xpressnet message to set the state of functions f f f f spec spec asserts 
construct and initialized a vector from the given x y spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert index to rgb asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
correctness test for the asserts dfr model . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calling this method is not legal on a preparedstatement . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
like randomacessfile . readchar except little endian . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to retrieve the number of lines in a file . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
roll back to this savepoint . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns asserts object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
append to the tostring an int array . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add another image to the object asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test if the test fixture has been set up correctly . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
writes a short value in the given byte array . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a property s validation warnings . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compute the asserts asserts divergence asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
stub returns asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
register installed local container . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines whether to concatenate a word or number if the current word is the given type asserts 
creates project wizard . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
trace an object under a copying collection policy . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method reads in the edge list containing both one directional and bi directional edges . spec 
construct the exception with a specific context . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a default text format instance . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
java . math . biginteger asserts int java . util . random asserts spec spec spec asserts 
process image and make loc file . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new strategy using the specified asserts . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
translates a asserts instruction to reil code . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a shadow renderer needs three properties to generate shadows . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
can be implemented by subclasses . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a method annotations item to this class . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a list of all task entities in ascending order of creation time . spec spec spec 
load a file with the given name . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
rearrange the elements of a double array in random order . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
allow the finish button to be pressed if there are checked resources . spec spec spec asserts 
forces this dispatcher to quit immediately . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
delegates main run loop to outer runworker asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
convert a well formed but not necessarily valid xml string into a jsonobject using the jsonml transform . 
worker method for the asserts methods . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes the header for persons csv file asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
finds all non horizontal segments intersecting the asserts line in the list of asserts . spec asserts 
forces generation of the given chunk . spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if field corresponding to fieldid is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise 
puts an unsigned single byte into the buffer at the specified position . spec spec spec asserts 
registers standard asserts with this asserts . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invalidate the entire capturing bitmap region . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the seal function seals all supplied arguments . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
implements zhang s rules r r r applies them over the graph once . spec spec asserts 
create a new clientmessage with the specified body and send to the server spec spec spec asserts 
this method is to initialize the metadata for a asserts stream with name streamname . spec asserts 
defines the abstract method in abstractpaneitem . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a geokey with a tag and tagvalue spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compares edges which originate at the same vertex based on the angle they make at their origin vertex 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
unlocks the given lock on the key spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert an object to json byte array . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts that the given object is not null . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
transform a rectangle in preview view space into a new rectangle in camera view space . asserts 
opens the previewed image with an external application . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests the functionality of the equal method which expects a context as a parameter . spec asserts 
returns a real number with a standard gaussian distribution . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns true if we re currently running a test . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
force to ignore the errors during the upgrade process . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called for each response obtained from non master nodes asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
draws rect for current value asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
create replication session step asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
open an xml tag . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
decrements the number of workers by spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new formatter however you will normally use the factory or the builder . spec spec 
returns a list of photos . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines the height of this view asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
sign the xml document using enveloped signatures . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether this array contains a given integer . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
if range exists get middle index sort first half from low to middle sort second half from middle 
creates the extension object on the base of its encoded form . spec spec spec spec spec 
resets all switches in this command . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
removes a quest from the world . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tells the camera to stop drawing preview frames . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true as unidexing is supported by this class . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
unblock request on shard long . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
creates a new trace point object . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates bit pseudo random numbers . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
unread the last byte read . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of allowparser spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads and skips all tokens before next end of line token . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when quitting a simulation . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a new config . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new unsupportedauthalgoritmexception with the specified detail message and cause . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a cycle handler object . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set the background for the slider as color asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prints the properties to the result file . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an bad address exception asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns the tip text for this property asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tells that this entity is not streaming . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates a comment string that documentats the data generator . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
writes a asserts record to the log . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts returns true if string s is a valid month number between and . spec spec spec 
encodes a hostaddresses object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
appends a string representation of this modification to the provided buffer . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sends the data associated with the headers asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
setbit int n inside a positive number asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get and return a random team . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
visits this node the initializer expression the loop condition expression the increment expression and then the loop body 
creates a new instance of spec . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
makes a zoneset member . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
tests this collection for equality with an arbitrary object . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
functions identically to android . media . mediaplayer . seekto int msec seeks to msec in the track 
opens a read stream to the buffer . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads up to len bytes of data into an array of bytes from this input stream . 
returns an immutable sorted map containing the given entries sorted by the natural ordering of their keys . 
delete the bookmark . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new validator which allows to validate texts to ensure that they represent valid ipv addresses . 
tell whether or not this uri has fragment . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
begins the move action with the specified begin position in world coordinates . spec spec spec asserts 
a getter used for lazy loading overrides asserts asserts and ensure the asserts gem is imported required . 
capitalize the first letter but leave the rest as they are . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests element for invalid attribute names . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a token counter to update values in given map . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the number of foos where uuid . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
map field name to the new name . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
write to the stream without blocking asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
writes the entire list to a csv file . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the setting with the provided setting key and the double value . spec spec spec spec 
overrides . equals . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the class already has a svuid field . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if a collaboration topic currently exists . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the domain component of an email address is valid . spec spec spec spec 
add column at index spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the difference of this vector and another does not alter either one . spec spec asserts 
parses a field entry . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
accessor for text area . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
begins the purchase process for the given sku asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
factory method gets a new clustertaskconfig . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert the specified charsequence to an input stream encoded as bytes using the specified character encoding . 
returns true if the current token is the specified keyword . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
when string is null return blank where the string is not null it return string . trim 
get details for the hostvcenterunassign method note in order to maintain backwards compatibility do not change the signature 
provides a raster version of the provided interpolator . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
executes post method for given request parameters . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an ldap connection for the specified ldap server using the provided ldap options . spec asserts 
performs an entity maintenance security check . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a random number from the distribution . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
attempts to sign in or register the account specified by the login form . spec spec asserts 
add objects to the clipboard . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the user wishes to view the cart everytime an item is added . asserts 
returns the last foo in the ordered set where uuid and companyid . spec spec spec asserts 
detaches the dtmiterator from the set which it iterated over releasing any computational resources and placing the iterator 
returns the number of key value mappings that this sparseintarray currently stores . spec spec spec spec 
creates a new request . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
subtracts other from other setting me to the result and returning me . spec spec spec asserts 
emit one count value pair . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return iterator to elements in the list . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
utility classes should not be instantiated . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generate a list of string s which contains the price model data from the subscription price model table 
create file system with async call spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates the check of the just inserted nodes . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test refund service returns true spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write codes of chars as bit values into the stream . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes an ionlist with a series of ionfloat values . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
acquires in shared uninterruptible mode . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts from the progress along the curve to a screen coordinate . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invokes the paint method on each ui handled by this object . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the value stored in this object for the given key is null . spec 
trims array of strings . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove a external idp user registration in the system provider of the tenant spec spec spec asserts 
takes ownership of members . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
process cost details for product asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a request object for the new thread . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ensures that a catch variable has not type annotation . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
copy the current array list to a new one adding extra space if needed spec spec asserts 
false if this asserts is places on the back side of the board spec spec spec asserts 
convert from geographic to geocentric latitude radians asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
copy file or directory to the specified destination . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes out text . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
check if original coordinates were modified . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this is only a helper class with all static methods and should not be instantiable spec asserts 
creates a list of artifact deployment sources available for deployment to app engine . spec spec spec 
this method was generated by mybatis generator . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compute the vertices associated with a specified boundary . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a disambiguation suffix for the given scope . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the tip text for this property asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a point to point match for two devices at the ip layer . spec spec asserts 
puts a property into this map with the given information . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
searches for the high level theme resource id for the specific lt theme gt tag being applied . 
processes a associationcmd asserts message . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the optional object value associated with an index . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
records a successful call . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
register a namespace prefix spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new asserts with the specified buffersize asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a builder object . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
register a namespace prefix spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
overrides graphics . create to return a debuggraphics object . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is file acceptable ? spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
turn the agent by the given angle in degrees . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
forwards cim indications to a matching connection . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create new instance . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a asserts object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method notifies of the start of an entity . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a clone . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
searches rows with a full text search string finding any rows that match all the given words . 
allows to activate or deactivate the validation of all wamp uris according to the strict uri validation rules 
returns whether or not the type is special . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
creates the decimalformat used to write doubles with a sufficient number of decimal places . spec spec 
adds new exceptions to a timeline . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a representation of the queue in decreasing priority order . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets update counter . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
skips bits and moves current reading position forward . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
closes the input stream . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
registers the event handler from the drawing editor and the active drawing view . spec spec asserts 
updates the color of the previously hit node depending on its hit count . spec spec asserts 
creates a new blowfishcrypt object . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
init database system for asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines if currently using namespaces . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
logs the start of the diff tool . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
copies this string replacing occurrences of the specified target sequence with another sequence . spec spec asserts 
determines if this is running a mac osx lower than leopard spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write the value into the buffer . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts allows to check if the mbean is a connection handler . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of var definition . spec spec asserts 
ticker for timing . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the size of the arc . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert list of asserts . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resets values defined by configuration of bes to be used after modifying the configuration . spec asserts 
notifies this responsecollector that a transaction described by the specified basestunmessageevent has failed . spec spec asserts 
reads inputstream i into a string with the utf charset until the inputstream is finished don t use 
tells whether all the necessary permissions are granted to this app . asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
produce a jsonarray containing the values of the members of this jsonobject . spec spec spec asserts 
specifies max scrolling distance for carousel view . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resizes an icon drawable to the correct icon size . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reset database and get new list . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
update the synchronised object at the uri with the values received from the server . spec spec 
compute the hash code for the vector asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a geolocation instance spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check a vector . . . if it is null or its floats are nan or infinite return 
creates a new random number generator . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
creates a asserts with the given text at the given globe position . spec spec spec spec 
resolves the given well known type by name and returns the type binding for it . spec 
returns the next random number in the sequence spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines how many days ago time was rounded down . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
multiplies a number by a positive integer . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates floats inclusively bounded below by a value very close to zero on the positive side and above 
define some settings for tool tips . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used by super class to log the attribute s contents when packet logging is enabled . asserts 
returns whether alter table with drop column is supported . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called whenever image request fails that is whenever failure drawable is set . spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new attr object . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
your flight time decreased by num due to the effect of skillname . spec spec spec asserts 
put a key long pair in the jsonobject . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
refills the input buffer . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the buttons and other controls to the screen in question . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
configure a zone . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the total number of bytes written to the target stream so far . spec spec asserts 
returns a string representing the method s return type given an index into the proto ids table . 
returns true for a protected method . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
bitlength of zero . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
applies the valueexp on a mbean . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a valid barcode has been found so give an indication of success and show the results . 
clear the currently selected date s asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
only works for positive numbers . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resets the menubutton icon to match that of the frame . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
renders the clause in textual representation . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
force reply waits in the current thread to perform severe alert processing asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create the reveal effect animation asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return a random biginteger not less than min and not greater than max spec spec spec asserts 
converts a stepped price domain object into the corresponding value object representation . spec spec spec asserts 
remove the last record from the list of operations . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
tests simultaneously mounting encrypted asserts with different keys and verifies contents . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
helper function to ascertain the existence of a file and return true false appropriately spec spec asserts 
decrypt the given input starting at the given offset and place the result in the provided buffer starting 
returns true if the byte is a separator as defined by v of the cookie spec . 
create a new walkingiterator from the steps in another walkingiterator . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new tobjectshorthashmap instance whose capacity is the next highest prime above initialcapacity unless that value is 
hides the window immediately not using an animation . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
evaluates expression to single element asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
checks to see if any of the inputs to this group implements the supplied listener class asserts 
encode a list into json text and write it to out . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
on active finger up asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
retains only the elements in this set that are contained in the specified collection . spec spec 
formats each number properly . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
update max x difference . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this class is uninstantiable . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
explicitly adds the types to the entity . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
release all references . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes all error callbacks . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
change log entry . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
strips identifiers from abc . to abc . or blob to blob . spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether it has the nested feed link . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if gateway is trusted . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a connecttimeoutexception with a null detail message . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
if true then the server will request a backup on another node asserts spec spec spec asserts 
looks up a character category for a character . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the address is an email address asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adapter implementation method do not call . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
create the option . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an action that triggers a search for the given search information . spec spec spec spec 
builds a new communication session with ghci . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test helper that can correctly compare arrays of primitives and arrays of objects as well as primitives and 
concatenate the given text all the string arguments with the given delimiter . spec spec spec spec 
create artwork instance from an image file asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new intermediate response protocol op with the specified oid and value . spec spec asserts 
s feature init . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handles the event . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
re open a possibly closed store . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
source https stackoverflow . com a asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
overridden for performance reasons . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
methods doing essentially nothing asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns a function with arguments applied to the supplied quadfunction spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method properly sets the status to cancelled synchronizing when required . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
marks the current position in this input stream . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
classname com . xxx . xx . . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a clone of this instance . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
deletion of all one to one file transfers . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
looks at the object at the top of this stack without removing it from the stack . 
enable a hint option . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
must not be called . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
bind a value to a name . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
locks a workflow using zk asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
initialize rec and proj asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
convert source version exception to target version exception asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
the update of the relationship of a user to his group will be done through the group . 
check if dbms support the sql statement asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a new utility to the node valid for the given assignment on the input nodes asserts 
if you just want to work on population network or facilities without the controler for tests use this 
lookup a terminal by index . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a version range with the specified bounds . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new empty object permission . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
apply scaling to this matrix by scaling all three base axes by the given factor while using ox 
determine if transported units prevent a weapon in the given location from firing . spec spec asserts 
get an array of valid baud rates . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether the user provided subcommand is the enable replication or not . spec spec spec asserts 
returns the length of the matched text region . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns total time that is allowed to be allocated to gps given the time we have already spent 
helper function that compresses an image into an etc texture . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
draws directional arrows for a way asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new vision world model listener support class meant to be subclassed . spec spec asserts 
constructs a new boolean control type . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
verify that the given slot is within the bounds of this inventory view . spec spec asserts 
sets the asserts attribute on the last started tag that has not been closed . spec spec 
save parameters and close asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
register a namespace prefix spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new json builder that will output the result into the provided output stream . asserts 
util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
equivalent to firetablechanged . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
given a collection name find out the zookeeper config name based on the mapping . spec asserts 
copy bytes from a large over gb inputstream to an outputstream . asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
reads the object as a list . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this quotes a character with a backslash but doesn t do it if the character is already preceded 
write out the string just uncompressed . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates an x values array filled with numbers in range specified by the parameters . spec asserts 
adds a new transition with explicit expressionmatcher to fsm . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
triggers android s account adding dialog from an activity . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
launch printing in a thread asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
add listener for pv changes with specified change events spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts that two objects are equal . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
multiply a positive number by one . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the element is public . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns if this number is at least as high as the given version number object . spec 
searches for users in this role using wildcards and attribute values . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts object . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parses th document declaration type markup declaration . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the object with the given component . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test multipart putobject string bucketname string objectname string filename . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found . spec spec asserts 
handle the beginning of an xml element . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
a candidate beaninstance can t be an output if it is the source of a connection only to 
listens for view clicks . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds replyto addresses to the email that is being built . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance of agreementmethodtypekanonce asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an intholder with the specified value . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
function to format amount into to asserts asserts format asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
create upload form . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts dialog . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the total size of the specified background download target . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
search zone radius type spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the responseprovider object identified by object s equals method . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the basic authentication scheme using a username and a password . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the default behavior of this method is to call asserts on the wrapped response object . asserts 
returns true if and only if this tabulardata instance contains a compositedata value ie a row whose index 
returns flag used by the idp to decide if sessioncontextstatement needs to be generated for discovery bootstrapping . 
returns true if all slots are filled by the assignment . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
changes how results are displayed . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
group storage pools by storage system spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the jface asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new authloginexception without a nested throwable . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
move selection to the previous control asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
instantiates a new event with a list of spec . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
perform a bit load from memory that must be executable spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
consumes the next token from the json stream and asserts that it is the beginning of a new 
creates a new set breakpoint reply parser . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get an iterator over all edges connected to the given node in the graph . spec asserts 
add a propertychangelistener to the listener list . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
using asserts trick return asserts intent to avoid public static constant variable everywhere spec asserts spec asserts 
encode the extensions in der form to the stream . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether or not the os version of mac os x is . . x . spec 
log a severe message with an array of object arguments . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
checks if stopping criterion has been met . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
defend against malicious streams . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a selfiteratornopredicate object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns a string representation of this label . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if null is sorted low smaller than anything that is not null . spec spec asserts 
sets a boolean value in the object . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
functions identically to android . media . mediaplayer . release releases the underlying resources used by the media 
returns a new asserts instance which wraps thrown checked exception instance into a runtimeexception spec spec asserts 
calculates the angle between two given lines . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test for sqlexceptionchainbuilder constructed with an empty root and multiple appends . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the next element if it exists otherwise calls spec and returns null . spec spec spec 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
called when a change of recovery status has occurred spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
removes the element at the specified position in this list . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
builds a cubic line chart . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
using some super basic byte array lt gt hex conversions so we don t have to rely on 
creates a new refactoring descriptor change . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
returns number of parts spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add the given analysis to the query functions asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cast a object to a variable name asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
perform a sort operation over the values array and update the indexes array . spec spec asserts 
check for token and converts it to another asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
append a comment child at the current insertion point . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if this point is contained in the box spanned by p and p with the input tolerance 
returns true if the name is excluded from serialization . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
resumes encoding of the stream . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new jsonarray that contains the json representations of the given float values . spec asserts 
runs several special gcs to try to clean up a few spec of asserts and final reachable objects 
protect a socket from vpn connections . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
determine whether dataflow should be propagated on given edge . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new animatablenumberoridentvalue for a number value . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
finds the first occurrence of a child element of a given tag within a parent s tree . 
runs asserts on a report so the report structure is not hardcoded . spec spec spec asserts 
retrieves the http headers for the requested resource identified located by the specified url . spec asserts 
is true is false other is identifer asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
confirm that significance testing doesn t alter the average that would be returned . spec spec asserts 
formats the json content and print it asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if tables are currently set . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether any of the nodes from the list can be appended to a given parentnode . 
called when stop is called with computed total and time since last event values in milliseconds . 
check if the given element is an array . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when a drawer has settled in a completely closed state . spec spec spec spec spec 
gets the value of the force property . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
copy bytes from an inputstream to an outputstream . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns a parameter string identifying this event . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
display the given size in bytes either as kb or mb . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the user focused the edit text . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
tests whether a single context param is correctly merged into a descriptor that already contains another context param 
encode in canonical form . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
remove a propertychangelistener for a specific property . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
unwraps the field name and returns it . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes the given column to a file with the given filename as a single column csv file 
cleanup after close unregister the spec singleton . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks name according rfc section . . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
provides a debugging string for this response . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if this headerpartition object has a rgba picture essence descriptor spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
search for a device identities object from a list . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
add key value pair to map key need not null spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
creates a new asserts whose contents is empty . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new count request against the provided indices . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new rgb alpha ignored image of a specific size . spec spec spec spec spec 
test async request response . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns true if the given mouseevent code was clicked and was waiting to be released but is now 
retrieves the number of bytes in this serialblob object s array of bytes . spec spec asserts 
is the given data scheme specific part included in the filter ? asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called while a drag operation is ongoing when the mouse pointer has exited the operable part of the 
returns the item in the first unmatched node with isdata or null if none . spec asserts 
delete all remote files asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
gets the value of the asserts property . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize the extension . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method is used to perform argument checking on the list of axis indices passed to spec and 
create from a asserts optionally using cached data from asserts starting at the offset . spec asserts 
this only checks clipping along the bottom edge . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
kick off the process to make play services available if necessary and possible . spec spec asserts 
force the referenced domain asserts to have the right customerid . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found . spec spec asserts 
extracts subnet mask from a json string asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
interprets a str instruction . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
paints the focus indicator for a cell in a tree when it has focus . spec spec 
creates a new zip entry with fields taken from the specified zip entry . spec spec spec 
runs the filter with the given arguments . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns false as image is not a container . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
use given connection asserts object to obtain new connections through this channel . spec asserts spec asserts 
updates the status of the messages sent to devices and the list of devices that should be retried 
clones an array returning a typecast result and handling null . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
modifies distinguished name attribute for ldap entries on ldap server spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
deletes all the asserts from the queue . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
update the forecast line from forecast simulation asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns the whole xml structure as a readable string asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a minimal symtab either system or local depending on the given values . spec spec asserts 
returns a copy of this deque . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new node for calculating the result of euler s number e raised to the power of 
invoice batch line asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
adds a record to the buffer . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the next lexical unit in the context of a cdata section . spec spec spec asserts 
returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of feature configuration . spec spec asserts 
serializes a set of features into a byte array . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
probability density function of the wald distribution . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if x and y are within asserts of each other . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
main method for testing this class . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
perform a http delete request . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
should only be called inside asserts because this class essentially verifies that we ve checked for updates . 
finds the conversion method . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
observer pattern expression equivalent to the every timer interval sec syntax spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
create a nodeset with an empty list of candidate nodes spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new crestquery instance with the specified query filter . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
configure tree to show or hide files that starts with . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
searches for group containers in this organizational unit using wildcards and attribute values . spec spec asserts 
get type variable for the given type . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when an attr node has been modified . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the class names as strings asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
bit fnv hash . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the assignment contains all pairs specified in the assignment given as parameter both the label 
prepare a mocked secret with domain mismatch . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
what speed modes are supported by this system ? asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
use the current projection to place the graphics on the screen . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the distance from this int d to the specified point . asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
deletes a synchronizer having the given id . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the amount of free memory in the system . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the given instruction from this list . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
static timedeadband has more priority than the dynamic one . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a pareto distribution . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
client call to create logical units . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test serialization of clusters . . . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
you are not supposed to instantiate this class . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a new generator that is a copy of and independent from this generator . spec asserts 
closes this stream . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts a node object to a jaxb object . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
perform given operations in parallel then wait all ops to finish with success . spec spec asserts 
the race is equal if it has the same id . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of array literal . spec spec asserts 
create a client key store that only contains self signed certificates but no private keys spec spec 
return a statement that will create the schema null if no create schema can be given asserts 
is the command currently applicable ? asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the graph s nodes as a well typed array not sorted . spec spec spec asserts 
compile a function argument . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new open plot action . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
define the onclicklistener which will be used for a single item spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the current sorting technique used by the specified medianode hierarchy is in ascending order false 
generates the instruction to invoke a static method . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new ab task . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new server instance . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ensure that no mappers and reducers is located on this node . asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
is encrypted column data asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns a hashset containing all user asserts names that are globally defined or declared at location loc of 
create a new server socket . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
delete a directory and its contents . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines if the component type is a selectmany or selectone . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the title of the parent frame if one was provided spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
drops the underlying database table . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create pdf as data array asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
initializes the edit text which allows to enter a first name . asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
writes a fasta file entry identifier and sequence . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new line numbering reader using the default input buffer size . spec spec spec asserts 
the main method . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compare report interval value measured to actual one . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add aionobject to this region objects list . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the register used to for local i of typereference type . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an xacmlauthzdecisionstatement object asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
end an array . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
simple method to map a point from one view s coordinates to another s . spec asserts 
returns included elements for a resource asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
performs a sort on the given string array . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prevents a player that can t interact from damaging vehicles . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the end of an element . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a member to this component and sort array with asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
finds and returns the minimum value in a dimensional array of doubles . spec spec spec asserts 
gets the value of the uri as a string returns null if the uri is null . 
tostring methode creates a string representation of the object spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
helper for pushing the return type of an invoke instruction . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
all write methods chain into this write to use asserts . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
appends a new local instruction comment to the list of current local instruction comments in the code node 
called when an item has been moved whilst dragging . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
log an exception throwable at the severe level with an accompanying message . spec spec spec asserts 
initialize the layerhandler by having it construct it s layers from a url containing an openmap . properties 
insert additional characters into the data stored in this node at the offset specified . spec asserts 
object should be loaded after basic gui constructed asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
encode the challenge in canonical form . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
encodes a asserts object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find the fields constant that matches fieldid or null if its not found . spec spec asserts 
remove an agent who has died . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
load compile and add the state machine from the . self file . spec spec spec spec 
append to the tostring the field end . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a asserts that wraps an existing writer output destination . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new exception with the specified detail message . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
serves the taxiride records from the specified and ordered gzipped input file . spec spec spec asserts 
if we have all piechart config then there is no point in reloading it spec spec asserts 
creates a label instance with the specified text . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the entire string from the physics simulation incl . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tenant is not a zone level resource asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
callback to be invoked when playback of a media source has completed . spec spec spec spec 
returns true if this user has any kind of moderator rights this includes moderator broadcaster global mod admin 
helper method to disconnect from directory server . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
open a log from the provided path and record parser . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
kick off the upgrade process . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
multiply this vector by another vector on each component . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes a listener such that it is no longer notified of changes asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create one of these in the local case so that we have a snapshot of the state and 
build a new instance . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
will select the list item at the mouse pointer if it is not already part of the selection 
writes an image map to the specified writer . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
checks whether the given java element has accessible source . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
helper for success callbacks that just returns the status . ok by default spec spec spec asserts 
serializes a dom node to an outputstream using jaxp trax . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
return a reference to the bytes of this builder . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if any subpart in the config has variable limits spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates new form navigator spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
parse igfs mode from string . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new print stream . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
copy a string from a reader to an output stream . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get all the asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
constructs a cipheroutputstream from an outputstream and a bufferedblockcipher . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
trains the learning algorithm given an object as an example . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if both values of the pairs in this object and in the other one are equal 
add an object to the internal maphandler . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
starts a scroll that moves the difference between y and our last motions y if it s a 
sends an event to the tracker with string resources loaded as parameters . spec spec spec spec 
create a asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
applies a pipeline from an index to the wrapper asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
release the service object retrieved using get methods from the service type interface . spec spec spec 
visitor method translate a list of case parts of switch statements . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the optional object value associated with an index . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
repeated calls to nextdouble produce at least two distinct results spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the next node in the set and advances the position of the iterator in the set . 
replaces an existing subject with the same name by the current one at the realm . spec 
creates a new stream access control list builder . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads checkpoint data . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
abs mathcontext of a negative bigdecimal asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a asserts with a jtextarea . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates and returns a validator which allows to validate texts to ensure that they only contain letters . 
you are not supposed to instantiate this class . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
subtracts a constant from this polynomial . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs a new fci search for the given independence test and background knowledge . spec spec asserts 
test whether the circle with given center and square radius radiussquared intersects the triangle with counter clockwise vertices 
constructs an instance . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
do not invoke this method . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a root restlet that will receive all incoming calls . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get an optional jsonobject associated with a key . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
checks whether the border should be painted . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a value to this interpolator . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
start the online asserts if the current index is not already the latest . spec spec asserts 
constructs a string parameter with the given optionid and default value . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new builder . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gives a handle to the asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
initializes the first node of a route . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts and asserts . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialized the user store to check for supported version of the api . spec spec spec asserts 
get the default navigator object instance and begin building a request spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test case for asserts spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the symbol table instance . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the number of elements in the jsonarray included nulls . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
populates the dataset by executing the supplied query against the existing database connection . spec spec asserts 
validate the security groups format . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
elassandra default ctor for single primary shard asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
assumes that given object is not null spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks a method signature . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
unpacks the compressed character translation table . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests the entity for equality with an arbitrary object . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
lookup a branch right right beneath a starting point . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
download a given file from a target url to a given destination file . spec spec spec 
excluir asserts na base de dados asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of anonymous trace type . spec spec 
adds a token to a list asserts attention to the parameters we ve set . spec asserts 
returns the text matched by the current regular expression . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add an application class and its transitive supertypes to the inheritance graph . spec spec spec asserts 
iterates through the collection and removes any permissible nodes found . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts a triple into a byte holding the rya spo representation of it . spec spec asserts 
test for getcrtcoefficient method assertion returns crt coefficient value spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
can the switch from the current mode to the new mode happen instantly ? spec spec asserts 
transfer a value from the profile to the gui do nothing if field has no associated value field 
this needs to be done because tests aren t isolated in java . spec asserts spec asserts 
return the escape setting for the label of this selection item . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
decodes web safe base content in byte array format and returns the decoded data . spec asserts 
constructs a random generator with an initial state that is unlikely to be duplicated by a subsequent instantiation 
directly call the characters method on the passed contenthandler for the string value . spec spec asserts 
transforms this vector into its complement . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a thread that executes the download queue . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test the configuration files option with copying of file in subdirectory . spec spec spec spec spec 
this operation is not supported by this cipher . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
computes the euclidean length of the arbitrary vector components passed in . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method resets the outgoing events . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets nice font and whitespace settings . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the caret is visible false otherwise . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generate a key with initialisation vector parameter derived from the password salt and iteration count we are currently 
uploads a byte array using fileresource and asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
exports the specified object using the specified server ref . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string representation of this object . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handles the case where a class loader has completed initialization spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
makes a request using an arbitrary http method and returns a parsed object from json . asserts 
required sets the longitude to the provided value asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
bind lua functions using opcode asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
asserts no user context . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new guacamoleupstreamexception with the given cause . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
creates a response from elements of a status line . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
all crud create read update delete operations asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
add an image to the collection and specify its coverage . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts the provided list of asserts to a new list of attributes . spec spec spec asserts 
returns a copy of this charseq with characters all converted to lowercase . spec spec spec asserts 
this method initializes this asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
prune the exceptional out edges for each basic block in the ir . spec spec spec asserts 
tests if some key maps into the specified value in this cache . spec spec spec asserts 
create a new timeparser . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determine if a particular resource is managed by tfs and thus spec for synchronization through this interface . 
writes a signed boolean as a byte asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
sets the default values of the preferences . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a trigger should be fired after the watermark once for every n late tuple s spec spec 
inserts content specified by the parameter to the end of each element in the set of matched elements 
add a field with the specified value without any validation . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the specified key from the cache if it exists . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
return the next element in an element stack or queue . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
put a key long pair in the jsonobject . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
append nested results . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parse the given string into date object . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes the tags from this exifinterface object into a jpeg stream removing prior exif tags . asserts 
determine if url is in approved list of urls to load . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compares the specified property to the comparestring returns true if they are the same false otherwise asserts 
constructs a dynamically typesafe view of the specified listiterator . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
read last record from a ledger . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return a path for a rectangle with rounded corners . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
attempts to log on the server with the specified user name password and account name . asserts 
method to take an input json array format string and output an arraylist spec asserts spec asserts 
whether this group is ordering preferences in the order they are added . spec asserts spec asserts 
return true if the new value is different from the previous value . spec spec spec asserts 
create a water spring source . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
forces this dispatcher to quit immediately . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates an annotatedtypemirror for an expressiontree . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
canceled unsealing . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
prepares for another batch of output . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
getter for the list of existing files that has been changed . spec spec spec spec spec 
closes a group of asserts readers . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize the view . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the delay in milliseconds after which animation for view with position spec should start . spec 
creates an image handler on the given path . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
does nothing because the indent attribute is ignored for text output . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates new platform cache . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
submit task implemented callable . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the object t is of type matrix f and all of the data members of 
parameters required for the update room request . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
set of class files to check asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
true if c is iso latin characters no wild asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts print the exception description and the stack trace back then clear the exception asserts spec asserts 
instantiates a new popup . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a strategy with a fixed seed spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
contexts entry returns asserts asserts returns asserts constraint asserts id expr expression asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests if a class is a class of a sub class of or properly implements an interface . 
insert a single event to the stream asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
analyze the annotations and return priority and drop settings . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new configuration . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test the creation of a config directory when the target directory does not exist yet . spec 
assert that a file contains the lines provided in the same order as expected . spec asserts 
visits a zero operand instruction . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
implements retrieve the internal symbol table entry for the symbol implements spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
lists the virtual arrays and renders the result using json . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
verify that the message has all cacheserver attributes and throw an exception if this is not the case 
accept the visitor . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
is this an alternative . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
add the tomcat asserts . jar file to classpath and call parent . spec spec spec asserts 
build a point from the details . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an unmodifiable bind result using the provided response . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
load and returns the list of files . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
rename episode plus all episodes having the same mediafile ! ! ! asserts spec spec spec asserts 
validate passwords from the initial setup form rendering the result as json . spec spec spec asserts 
adjusts the primitive value mapped to key . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes all of the elements in array from the set . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
looks at the object at the top of this stack without removing it from the stack . 
save the experiment and stay on this screen . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is this binary data a bmp image asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
do select the item and repaint the diagram asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the value evaluated right now . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct the default web view object . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method was extracted to encourage vm to inline callers . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
configure the start point initial guess . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
registers a language initializer . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
disconnects the skype interface . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a scan operator for the given index using left join semantics after the given table type . 
constructs an instance of the diskbasedcache at the specified directory . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
transitions runstate to given target or leaves it alone if already at least the given target . 
integer value of a positive bigdecimal asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new asserts instance by doing a shallow copy of data from an existing baseentry instance . 
write the float value f to this stream as four bytes . asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
notifies the external quit requester that the user has explicitly canceled the pending quit and leaves the application 
seeks to the specified absolute uncompressed position in the stream . spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
generates policy response for service connection errors as a result of disconnections or timeouts . spec spec 
adds an attribute . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clears the list of source images . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write the characters of the string s to this stream as a sequence of bytes followed by a 
create a relative inherited default behavior provider associated with a parent managed object . spec spec asserts 
connect aurora probable master . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a new template exception . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
describes this property . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
receive notification of the end of the document . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the size of the tree asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convenience function used in all xml scanners . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tear down instance variables required by this test case . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the specified component from this border layout . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
squares this object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a wrapper for the given datawrapper . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
defines a new focused example using custom configuration . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
put a key value pair in the jsonobject . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates the broker . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
should be invoked from the playback thread after the counters have been updated . spec spec spec 
emits the next part of the skeleton spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts filter with the provided information . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a asserts from a json string and with the given alias e . g . asserts 
select a trigger state value . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
enable or disable log . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
builds a new asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return file size . . . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove the indices in the interval index index inclusive from the selection model . spec spec asserts 
decrements the numcqsonclient stat by . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines whether the columns are already the default values . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the mode of this cipher . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculates the number of hours between given time spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method determines whether there is a current span available . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
remove the downloader service from the foreground state allowing it to be killed if more memory is needed 
return file size . . . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates report for given report template format data source and parameters spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
draws the visual appearance of text in a form field . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
appends another fast buffer to this one . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
translates a asserts instruction to reil code . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test against a vocabulary from the reference impl asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates whether updates made by others are visible . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return a bootstrap sample with replacement of size k from sample . spec spec spec spec asserts 
returns an enumeration describing the available options . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes all attributes from this attribute set . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize the handler . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
calculates a semi unique four or five digit port based off of the version number . asserts 
tests whether this abstract pathname is absolute . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs an invalidjobexception with the specified detail message and nested exception . asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
given a string representation of a url sets up a connection and gets an input stream . 
assign a persistence id to this object asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes the eviction policy . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
the column number of the location of the error or zero if unknown . spec spec spec 
construct a map with the specified initial capacity and load factor spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
populates the message log with the message s payload . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compute and return the score for a match with e errors and x location . spec asserts 
case unboxing case primitive operation asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
simple view used to render data of a user . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a new edit operation to the history at the current position . spec spec spec asserts 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
updates the contents of the panel with a vlv index . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
refresh the database data clear caches asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
changes the directory to be set to the parent of the current directory . spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new pattern reference . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
valueof long val convert long . min value to a biginteger . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
spawns module for repository with specified name type and settings spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
checks whether two attribute sets are equal . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
equivalent to send command true . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
routine to open pdf file and extract key info from pdf file so we can decode any pages 
returns whether the last column accessed was null . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a method that creates an array of systems names to allow bulk creation of turnouts . spec 
find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found . spec spec asserts 
puts the key and element to the map . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generate hash code that matches semantics of asserts . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resets the network clearing it of nodes and edges . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
takes one list of commands and augments it with another list of commands . spec spec spec 
return whether or not the query string should be included in the log message . spec asserts 
parses a client registration request . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a new instance . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
switches to default frame and puts the frame on frameswitcher s stack . spec spec spec asserts 
tells whether the user chose to save the changes in the panel to not save them or simply 
visits a asserts instance . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called by default for any visit method that is not overridden . spec spec spec spec spec 
create an empty xorpredicate . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
permit to know if sharedconnection will use prepare . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the epoch day in a form consistent with the java standard asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parses the provided command line arguments and uses that information to run the asserts tool . asserts 
loads version information from the url . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns one of the known asserts defined in this class or a new instance if type is unknown 
reset the chaining variables asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct the tree . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of eobject . spec spec spec asserts 
given a list of vplex volume uris will filter out any that front srdf targets . asserts 
the start end patterns must be pre post fixed by a quiet zone . spec spec asserts 
connect handler to a class sends a cmd channel half connected message to asserts when complete . 
evaluate gravitational field on the body . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parses the given config . xml file to a java model . spec spec spec spec spec 
backup current pointer or or more bytes . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
this test fails with npe when the stopwords file is missing in classpath spec spec spec asserts 
override as needed in subclass . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
dumps this utterance in textual form . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
returns a new json writer configured for the settings on this gson instance . spec spec asserts 
returns if the arity penalty feature applies to the current rule . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
schedule a runnable to execute in the future . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
increment the error counter . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a stream of given values . spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set the model dirty asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
iterates over the map and sequentially adds its key value pairs spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
renders a list of entities required by trivial components tree . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
scans an asserts literal . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates the menu that allows the user to select a field . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a changelistener to the button . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
optional sets the title to the provided value asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an identity matrix . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
attempts to cancel this request . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
context specific handling of writing out attributes spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
overridden to register the icon animation when the field is added to the form . spec asserts 
adds the route to the route combo in the toolbar spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
call on destroy to avoid memory leaks asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
login page of asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find the differences between two texts . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convenient method for setting login expectations . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculates all the metrics for the specified approximation set . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
by default we always copy all contents of an object . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prints the string representation of the specified integer to the target . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
request all elements to be processed asynchronously in the processing stream asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
returns a new map with a default initial capacity . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
send a verbose log message . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a listener which will be triggered whenever the asset represented by this panel is modified in any 
creates a titledborder instance with the specified border title title justification and title position . spec spec 
constructs a new token for the specified image and kind . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
moves the given asserts to the given index . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes one data to the recording storage . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get accept asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
mark a task as permanently failed . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
forward a message that came from unit under test asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the smart resources are available so running in licensed mode . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether the given emoticon is a favorite . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
performs the given action for each character of the charseq . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
send an ssh msg ignore packet with the given data attribute . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this adds a listener . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a possibly empty collection view of the crls read from the given input stream instream . 
expand animation to display the discoverable content . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create and return a servletoutputstream to write the content associated with this response . spec spec asserts 
perform a http post request and track the android context which initiated the request . spec asserts 
print the area around the x y useful for debugging . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
helper function for applymaskpenaltyrule . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a blocked criteria entry . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
post an event to the proper java edt . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
obtains json unescaped text for the given text asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method disconnects the last point from the first point . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the given list must contain the original attribute names which should be merged by the global spec . 
performs the actual copying . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
does the multiblock creation animation starting from the rendering block . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a unsupportedaudiofileexception that has the specified detail message . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a log entry spec asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the scheduled method will be called every interval seconds . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
loops continuously pulling references off the queue and cleaning them up . spec spec spec spec asserts 
during the call to init the agent will search for the action named init and execute it . 
normalize a sequence of char values . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the given primitive to the dom structure . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create and initialize the sax builder . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the action with duration and color asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compares the schema of two databases and asserts that they are equal . spec spec spec asserts 
clones caret in a given direction if it s possible . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clearbit int n inside a negative number asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a point with all . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
detects asserts encoding in specified input . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs a new referencemap with the specified reference types load factor and initial capacity . spec asserts 
checks if an arrowpoint is allowed by background knowledge . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
put a sub matrix into the indices specified by the non zero entries of indices linear adressing . 
inverts this matrix as a new matrix f . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
build a segment . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a method property whose value is refresh . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates the view representing the alt text . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
validates the data provider create request . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method performs document owner operations in response to a patch operation . spec asserts spec asserts 
closes the camera driver if still in use . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
restores deleted configuration . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a abstractquerybuilder instance that can be used to build api request with various parameters spec asserts 
creates a new instance of ngramdistrodocument given the parameters for the underlying histogram and graph representation . 
given an index in the range . . . size returns the key from the indexth key value 
adds a waiting thread . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
delete a message from its message id from history . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the length of the array . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize the socketstream with a new socket . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a public key from a subjectpublickeyinfo encoding asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
copies a part of a byte array into a new array . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
always returns false since this state machine can never become final . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets a byte array representation of this instance . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
todo is the language available on any engine not just the default asserts spec spec spec asserts 
populates the tooltip with data chart type independent . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts this object to an interval representing the whole day in the default time zone . asserts 
log a message object at the info level . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
warmup the indicated namespaces . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a number without creating new space . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a regionaccessexception with a message . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
paints the contents of the window used for dragging . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
encrypts or decrypts data in a single part operation or finishes a multiple part operation . asserts 
verify create key store asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates that output is at the beginning of a line . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the token at the specified position in the view . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
processes the provided operation result for the provided operation . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reduces a bayesian network to a subset of variables . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new transcoderinput with the specified uri . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
serialize an object to an xml string . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
hashes the input string with a randomly generated salt . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
notify data source about to be unloaded . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a float that is parsed from the given string we remove any commas before parsing asserts 
register local classes . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this class cannot be instantiated . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether any futures can be completed . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
starts the main run loop asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reset the engine to the initial state with the key and any pre message parameters ready to accept 
builds a partial url including the servlet path and resource but not the scheme or host . 
if this chunk is a single byte of non pushdata content could be op reserved or some invalid 
creates a new player . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a waypoint . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes a radiobutton from the group asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates the border text of the component . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
finds all stringtable keys in the module in all header files with the key s text equal to 
retrieves the list of offers through appropriate cloudendpoint . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
skips variable length blocks up to and including next zero length block . spec spec spec asserts 
recompose the template declarations . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
try to convert a string into a number boolean or null . spec spec spec spec spec 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
reads and parses a pdf document . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compute asserts n . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes an double field value . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
get the maximum value for the given dimension . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
repeat a charsequence a certain number of times . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
load list of achievements from configuration . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get instance representing a parameter marked as asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
provides serialization support . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the asserts method is determine the unions for a particular label and set the value of that union 
add a bcc value . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method resets the incoming events time events included . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
inserts node into queue initializing if necessary . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
proceed to the next available ring color . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
disconnect the wrapped asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when a property was removed . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
performs kills by generating a asserts and then performing outset the kill set is generated by iterating over 
add not null entry to list spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
draw a single point at the x y coordinate specified . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the tip text for this property asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
id of the friend list returned by the desktop applications . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
de registers all location listeners closes persistent storage asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get an optional value associated with a key . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
formats an ldap filter using the provided template and assertion values . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new exception with the given detail message . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this creates dynamic regions that already exist in other publishing processes spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if external storage is built in or removable . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new request . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cast a double value to his cfml reference type double spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize raw storage with low memory word ptr of size bytes to be an uninitialized instance of the 
parse method definition method params . . . pass asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove operand stack top element using bytecode pop asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
inserts the sample into the filter and returns interpolation number of interpolated samples in the return array . 
copy some or all bytes from a large over gb inputstream to an outputstream optionally skipping input bytes 
we are authorized to use the server asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if the entry exists in the directory asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a null or empty list . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ensure proper singleton serialization asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
completes an append request to the member . asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
returns the tip text for this property asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test simple queries . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether the matrix is square . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the value for the specified name that s stored in the given userrecord object spec asserts 
create a asserts object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new delete request against the specified index with the scriptlang and id . spec asserts 
tests whether the randomizer can randomly make a graph where all of the factors have the same indegree 
enter members for a class . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a defaultformatterfactory with the specified jformattedtextfield . abstractformatters . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines whether the channel number of this channel is value equal to a specific channel number . 
creates a new asserts object . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return true if the first class loader is a child of or identical to the second class loader 
creates a new cache spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a section footer for some help pages . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates a random masking key nothing super secure but enough for websockets . spec spec spec asserts 
return the least power of two greater than or equal to the specified value . spec spec 
figure out whether nodehandle should be considered as being later in the document than nodehandle in document order 
this allows clients to instantiates a generator with all required information . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new action object . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct an instance with the specified message . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the integer . . value for the given hex character or for non hex input . 
multiplies the range on the range axis axes by the specified factor . spec spec spec asserts 
is the keycode currently being pressed ? asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
since linux . address below which program initialized and uninitialized bss data are placed . spec asserts 
converts a unicode character to name . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this locale is equal to another object . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new refactoring descriptor . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parse key value pairs to map . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new patch object from the specified bank and program numbers . spec spec spec asserts 
determines whether the given user can read the permissions currently granted to the given target user . 
decode and sample down a bitmap from a file to the requested width and height . asserts 
return a string description for the triangle asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
draws a wireframe box from x y z to x y z in the specified appearance . 
removes any contained headers . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an empty list . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes the result set of a query to a file in the csv format . spec asserts 
do a simple conversion of an array of bit characters into a string . spec spec spec 
returns true if field cursorid is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise spec asserts 
removes a module from the address space of the target process . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parse key value pairs to map ignore empty key asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the default behavior of this method is to call encodeurl string url on the wrapped response object . 
calculates the aspect ratio given a rectangle . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new floatbuffer of an appropriate size to hold the specified number of vector f object data 
send an error log message asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if the asserts is active and in a playback able state not none and not stopped . 
create the gui and show it . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invoking an api using retrieved token . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add new item . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a credentialexception with no detail message . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a modeless dialog with the specified title and with the specified owner dialog . spec spec 
override to build a spring aware asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
force the changes to disk . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
create a config directly from the command line arguments asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
starts the fake rs expecting and testing the passed scenario . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
computes a regular expression string where each instance of the old name can be fulfilled by either the 
returns all the text in the given file . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clears the current buffer . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
unregister a task . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determine if this set of integer attribute contains the given integer attribute s value . spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
show save recording dialog asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
get today time in milliseconds excluding time information asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
modifies slightly the rectangle if it s too thin to be drawn on a canvas . asserts 
returns a hash code for this instance . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
unmarshals an x . certificate from an input stream . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
provides the right name of the node for display asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
encode an existing geohash long to the provided precision asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
display an asserts node asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
checks if the category designator in the key of this klv packet is set to the value corresponding 
fails the test if asserts ! asserts . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets given description status to started refreshes view asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new exception with the specified detail message . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
stores a char value in the memory location pointed to by the current instance . spec asserts 
migrate to new properties system . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the asserts can handle strings . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
monitor changes to the scale slider . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates a database to the newest version of the database . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test for init keystore keystore assertion call method with not null parameter spec spec spec spec spec 
moves this joinrowsetimpl object s cursor to the last row and returns true if the operation was successful 
updates the designated column with a binary stream value . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
inserts node into queue initializing if necessary . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
register auth config listener for a auth modules or auth configuration service . spec spec spec spec 
update a host initiator . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
return a string representation of this object . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called by various controllers to send a string message to a connected device . spec spec asserts 
triggers processing the summary data for a job asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
clear all activity related data structures . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts multiplication of two double arrays . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
register a namespace prefix spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes an action with a duration animation and depending of the spec it will restore the original frame 
render the comment part of the model prepending each row with . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a cert record from the given data spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
str rep of team with spec results spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
drop all the work clear the work list . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set plugin options . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
starts statically configured caches received from remote nodes during exchange . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a simpleprotein without the taxonomy information . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an iterator on the serverid of the connected rs servers . spec spec spec spec spec 
create the windowed operator for windowed transformation spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
just make easier to understand asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
this method resets the outgoing events . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called if instanceid token is updated . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a disconnection action has been successfully completed update the connection object associated with the client this action belongs 
do not include any information that can identify the user in spec . spec spec spec spec 
rotate transformation about the x axis spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts the input given in the request to a properties object . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clears the cache for the specified classloader . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
define the amount of elements which should be cached for a specific draweritem type spec spec asserts 
enables the vertex attribute with the given name spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts that the asserts stat is available and satisfies an assert operation . spec spec spec asserts 
fired when a key is typed . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
appends the least significant bits from value in order from most significant to least significant . asserts 
creates a seeded simplex noise generator with the given random spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
registers a listener that is invoked when a peer is disconnected . spec spec spec spec spec 
creates a new invocation spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
client is currently not in an error state asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
return a representation of the given name ensuring quoting wrapped with characters . spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
returns the string representation of the current values of array . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns the number of characters in the two encoded strings that are the same . spec spec 
gets the value of the asserts property . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
increase the dominators total size asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
returns the asserts tag for a given token . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new circle rdd . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
attempts to prepare the request for a retry . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called by activity s onpause method to free memory used for loading the images spec spec asserts 
clears the current sticky header from the view . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates properties for test sink connector . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether this date time attribute is equivalent to the passed in object . spec spec asserts 
step merge especially useful in scatter gather scenarios . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
take the user to a video screen . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new wrapper object . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
enforces that this instance is sealed . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if this month day is equal to another month day . asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns index for hash code h . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add the value to this math vector asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
append a time zone to the string builder . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this operator should be painted expanded . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the factorial of the argument . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
creates the gui of the panel . spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
validates that the given input is in the range or not . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construye un objeto de la clase . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this is used to register a binding between a type and the converter used to serialize and deserialize 
method for constructing parser for parsing the contents of given byte array . spec spec spec asserts 
save all settings values at asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
returns the incomplete element s name . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true as the lt switch element is not a container . spec spec spec spec asserts 
add two numbers of the same length . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
writes the xcal document to a writer . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
init web environment . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test whether the last enddocument has been processed . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an external problem using the specified socket . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
callback to be invoked when playback of a media source has completed . spec spec spec spec 
creates a abstractquerybuilder instance that can be used to build api request with various parameters spec asserts 
converts an oracle array into a int array with a default value used to represent null values . 
put boolean value into sharedpreferences with key and save asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove an existing group and destroy the corresponding mbean . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the number of minimal prefix characters that must match in order be a candidate suggestion . 
utility method which exposes the toolbar actions in a submenu spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
implements the method required by the superclass . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
you have removed the manastone from . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if the system supports opengl es . . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
navigate to the next session history item . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks that the visitcode method has been called . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if start and end times are valid and if not resets the fixed times . asserts 
create a circuit breaker that will break if the number of estimated bytes grows above the limit . 
interrupts all threads even if active . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
validates the response from a put request matches some json test expressions asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
actual activate method for scripting services asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a suffix of current starting at fromindex inclusive to state state . spec spec spec asserts 
creates a default sipresponse message for this request . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
loop through each of the columns in the row migrating each as a resource or relation . 
creates a new error dialog . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
accept the visitor . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
main interface method . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if the supplier customer relation exists between the supplier and the customer organization spec spec asserts 
get the contents of a uri as a byte . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is the command currently applicable ? asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
report an internal entity declaration . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
predicate for checking are there roles . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
forces this dispatcher to quit immediately . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
reset the progress spinner to default rotation start and end angles . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new atomiclongarray with the same length as and all elements copied from the given array . 
release the lock . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new lookup exception . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
format a double argument using this conversion specification . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns whether this client is connected or not asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
actually starts a trading session asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
adds the given node to the session provided the node is in a freshly created state . 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
construct an instance . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
fetch engine configuration from requirements asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
send specified char to output device asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
views the array as an immutable list . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the required flags on the dialog window to enable input method window to show up . 
create the option . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert byte to int asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
construct a simple avt part . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads infile and decodes it to outfile . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
kicks a user from a channel giving a reason . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called automatically when the coordinates of this tileentity have been changed spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
form the union of the given types without eliminating duplicates . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
draw the progress spinner asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
registers a classloader for a class . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this object is structurally equivalent to c . abstractdatasources are equal and equivalent if their 
constructs a new malformed tree exception . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a queue item for the given indication . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the handler should set the xlink href tag and the width and height attributes . spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
deletes all geoloc sharing from history and abort reject any associated ongoing session if such exists . 
create a zipfian generator for the specified number of items using the specified zipfian constant . spec 
creates a new output bit stream writing to file . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns a reference to a type parameter bound of a generic class or method . spec asserts 
registering events and starting happen here . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a commandapdu from the four header bytes and command data . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a create variable syntax for declaring a variable . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determine the visibility of the arc on completion of this animation effect . spec spec spec asserts 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
creates a customized csv format . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
pushes the specified run onto the pending run stack . spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
string formatting function . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
not supported java . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method replaces all to . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a leveldb asserts block store using the jni c version of leveldb . spec spec asserts 
inserts the entity into app engine datastore . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets all request cookies existing in request plus those to add from cookie jar in a single cookie 
removes the passed virtualarray uris from the set of virtualarrays assigned to the resource by the user . 
truncates a date leaving the field specified as the most significant field . spec asserts spec asserts 
returns a page out of the page system without reading it . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new element . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
atomically removes all of the elements from this delay queue . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an immutable multimap containing a single entry . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the lower endpoint of this range . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
java . security . interfaces . rsaprivatecrtkey getpublicexponent asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of information model . spec spec spec 
construct a new attribute set where the members of the attribute set are restricted to the given interface 
scale and center crop a bitmap to fit the given dimensions . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
inform a setting plugin of the timeout value the host is using . spec spec spec asserts 
parses an xml catalog file and returns a map of public ids to local uris read from the 
parent s of the given revision of the given file . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
override this to decide if a class is immutable . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
looks for inner and anonymous classes by fqn in a javac notation pkg . top inner . 
creates a new ui object for the given component . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the token specified to the current linked list of tokens . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes a listener for menu events . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
converts rdata to a string asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks a parameter list for a specified key and if present attempts to append new elements represeting the 
you converted damage to healing by using skillname . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the value at the given index in the array . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an instance with the value present . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the superior type for this attribute type . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
helper method to validate integer values . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
inserts a track with locations into the database . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds all objects in s into this union of sets returning true if this union was changed . 
compares the two filters . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method will read the dictionary metadata file for a given column and calculate the number of chunks 
set the content by copying the given stream . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts invoke a virtual method that returns a byte value spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new search source builder with a query from a builder . spec spec spec spec 
returns the tip text for this property asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
will be invoked after editing changes of nodes . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
decodes an ascii string from a key . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
don t filter just store . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of variable environment element . spec spec 
check for asserts and install it to . fabric bin if not available on the path spec 
promotes a light weight lock to a heavy weight lock . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
this animation causes the view to flip vertically by a customizable number of degrees and at a customizable 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
overridden for performance reasons . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
create a asserts variant asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
documentcallsfunction asserts enqueues a command to execute a kernel on a device . spec spec spec asserts 
nesting a count aggregation changes the outer aggregation to a asserts whereas the inner aggregation remains unchanged . 
create a viewer frame in master mode cell memory page spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
used by group creation routine not by users spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates the crontrigger s state based on the misfire instruction xxx that was selected when the crontrigger was 
constructs a new exception with the specified detail message . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
performs a deep copy on other . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method determines whether the trace for the supplied node and in out direction will process available information 
constructs a new asserts instance . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
outputs the string as a new line of log data in the logview . spec spec asserts 
writes characters to a string which might be used by endelement later . spec spec spec asserts 
send a message . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compute the scale factor to be used when drawing asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compute the multiplicative inverse of a asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
whether or not this packet has the server status autocommit flag . spec spec spec spec spec 
creates and returns a new simpleimmutableentry holding current mapping if this node holds a valid value else null 
prepare common variables to access the git repository . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prepare the where command and adds the global settings asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parse a domain entry spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called to set the offsetgrabpoint to the current mouse location and update the offsetgrabpoint with all the other 
not thread safe for multiple writers ! asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new byte array output stream with a buffer capacity of the specified size in bytes . 
displays a message informing that an error occurred resolving a referral . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
helps to find child views . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handle a mousereleased mouselistener event . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
multiply by scalar . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
detaches the dtmiterator from the set which it iterated over releasing any computational resources and placing the iterator 
produce a new layer element . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sees if the class under test is actually an enum . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a plugin based on class name . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs a asserts local expr grammar chunk . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds an element to the element . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove a sip header from this list of sip headers . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
javax . net . ssl . sslserversocket sslserversocket int port spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handler set on the ok button . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
synchronous closesecurechannel service request . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
make a prettyprinted json text of this jsonobject . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
populate target name combo . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tell if this coding can represent all bit values . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test sending x x mtu of data in each ping pong with nagling off . spec spec 
allows a java lambda and method to be used in a foreach method without requiring a cast . 
small helper class to update the header and the list spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
any un parsed non option arguments . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes and transfers nodes until hit non cancelled one or null . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
flushes any pending data and closes output file . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determine if the set contains a particular terminal . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new instance . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
installs a proxy selector for the given protocol when settings are available . spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the status of the location is safe . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
cancels and clears the queue of all tasks that should not be run due to shutdown policy . 
constructs an instance of this class . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create yaml instance . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
fast trig functions for x . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
allow subclass override the way asserts is used . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
replaces the xfa data under datasets data . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if the given point is inside the triangle created by the points a b and c . 
initialize the object from a parcel . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
defensive programming technique to change a null reference to an empty one . spec spec spec asserts 
populates the independent runtime iterator map for index creation purposes . spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
flushes all the data up to this point adds the end of stream marker and marks the stream 
check that a configuration matches a given resource . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add initial asserts ibm goog asserts . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set the models value to the position of the top left of the thumb relative to the origin 
open the thrift reader asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
restricts an angle to the range degrees wrapping angles outside the range . asserts asserts spec asserts 
draw an arc of radius r centered on x y from angle to angle in degrees . 
removes the operation with the given name from asserts asserts s operation descriptor list . spec asserts 
create a new float numericliteral . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
merges a template and puts the rendered stream into the writer spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
read at least n elements from the one column file . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
you can have only items pending unsealing at a time . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
if the byte has the form xx then it s the first byte of a four bytes sequence 
converts the passed dto to a book . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
contexts annotatedpropertyassignment returns propertygetterdeclaration annotatedpropertyassignment returns propertygetterdeclaration constraint annotationlist annotatedpropertyassignment propertygetterdeclaration bogustyperef bogustyperef ? spec spec asserts 
return true if the points a b c are strictly counterclockwise . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test the asserts according to gsma api specifications . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method tests whether a particle par is a subset of this particle . spec spec asserts 
constructs a sqltransientexception object with a given reason sqlstate vendorcode and cause . spec spec spec spec 
set mask zoning map asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
pull item from top as in lifo stack asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a query which matches all objects in the collection . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates that the queue operation was interrupted before it could complete . spec spec spec spec spec 
validates that the prices defined for the price model are all non negative if set . spec 
merges an array of partitions of the same type to one partition of this type spec asserts 
agent must not be a node asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new indentingwriter that writes indented text to the given writer and uses the supplied indent step 
test whether we get a relevant name . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if a subexpression exists that is a hour part . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set the field to count missing values on . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
capture the rest . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
implementation of spec method spec . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
return time of last keepalive from client asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check flags to see if it indicates a control record . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
generates a ret instruction . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
destroy instances of asserts instances . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a qname from a string resolving the prefix using the given namespace stack . spec spec 
finds the first occurrence in an array from specified given position and upto given length . asserts 
you restored skilltarget s flight time by using skillname . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
uninstalls the keyboard actions for the ui . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
enable event if disabled asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
replaces the currently selected content with new content represented by the given string . spec spec spec 
add a resource path to internal vector . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an sqltransientexception object . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an x asserts object from the extensions in the asn sequence . spec spec spec asserts 
prevent from deleting a state if associated to a shortcut spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
advances the time by n seconds spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a new instance of this test case . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
creates a request for a coap code and message type . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
specifies that the current row column s shrink weight within the columns rows with the same shrink priority 
sends a dont . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
logs requests that took over slow request threshold ms to complete . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
specifies the current row column s shrink priority . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compares the two arrays . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether a given resource is an instance of spl argument or a subclass thereof . asserts 
copy chars from a large over gb reader to a writer . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
loads and initializes opencv library using opencv engine service . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns if this vector has no elements a size of zero . spec spec spec spec asserts 
clips each gene value to be within its specified min max range . spec asserts spec asserts 
combines an array to a string using a comma and a space as delimiter . spec asserts 
get properties from a uri query string . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
encode into canonical form . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
build the xml to a string asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
obtain the normalized direction of a ray starting at the center of the coordinate system and going through 
handles cancel request . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
new bigdecimal string value value contains both exponent and decimal point spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts that the given bytes are not equal asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add asserts profile profile display like msg value elapsed asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
delete the atomic file . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a blank histogram . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
skilltarget is no longer immobilized . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
asserts the processes in the prefix asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
whether this device supports the cl khr fp extension . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
defines the default method to be invoked when database corruption is detected . spec spec spec asserts 
does a given url point to google book search regardless of domain . spec spec spec asserts 
creates new form asserts spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
contacts the asserts and gets their filters from them . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
output the post or direct message reply . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new server object asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
assert the relative path against files which have yet to be asserted . spec spec spec asserts 
create an analysis graph by traversing the file system tree from the named starting point . spec 
determine whether the given object is an array either an object array or a primitive array . 
constructs a new empty jpasswordfield with the specified number of columns . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new relation pair . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
in debug mode sm runner will check events consistency . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the next node in the iteration . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return true if skillid is present among creature s asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns weights if instance is assigned to more than one subset . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is this minutes instance greater than the specified number of minutes . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new asserts with a specified strength . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
emit the code to pop a reference address value from the expression stack into the register reg . 
converts a collection of strings to a list of uris null safe . spec spec spec spec 
get the saved status of this serverstate . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method generate the angular beans . js content and write it to the spec used by asserts 
save the context of the log so simple things like rotation will not result in the log being 
calling this will disable a custom number of labels to be skipped set by spec . . . 
cas waitstatus field of a node . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reverses the order of the bytes of the specified integer . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
saves this queue to a stream that is serializes it . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks the validity of the dataset and renderer parameters . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
flatten a feature vector from example to a nested stream feature family stream feature name . asserts 
helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the commit record at the index . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check that the given node and password match in the node security table . spec spec asserts 
propagator select propagation algorithm . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
you can set the pgnheader whiteontop to toggle if white should be displayed on top or not . 
compare the contents of two streams to determine if they are equal or not . spec spec 
converts a byte array to an int value asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
error level debug message asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
checks to see if the filename matches . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
emits a message to the log timestamped with the specified time . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
to do implement asserts such that code compiles and outputs correct result . spec spec spec asserts 
create the matrix with the contents of the given array . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clears the value of the second field asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the number of bits that have been read from this spec . spec spec spec spec 
checks several properties of the network . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if current url contains provided url part asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the string representation of the specified double to the end of this stringbuffer . spec asserts 
returns true if the file extension exists in windows registry . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
constructs the interpolator with a specific easing mode . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
help human to claim a draw by trying to find and execute a valid draw claim . 
handles x cases asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
sets that the subscription should start from where the stream is when the subscription is first connected . 
if we are watching any scripts the bloom filter must update on peers whenever an output is identified 
throw exception if alias of wwn is invalid asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
merges the given left and right point asserts . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
render a font as some offset . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates mosaic properties with initial supply . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
don t use this when obfuscating class names ! asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true since this imageinputstream caches data in order to allow seeking backwards . spec spec asserts 
asserts that an exception is thrown if one of the arguments is null spec spec spec asserts 
returns a copy of this time with the hour of day field updated . spec spec asserts 
construct a new asserts with the specified properties . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the contents of a byte as a string using the default character encoding of the platform . 
creates a abstractquerybuilder instance that can be used to build api request with various parameters spec asserts 
allows fluent composition via a composer function that receives this agera instance and must return some agera instance 
returns true if the iteration has more elements . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
this method was generated by mybatis generator . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called after a successful catch this will remove an item from the stack of provided spec asserts 
compute the score function on the board state . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compute the distance between the two chars based on the ascii symbol codes . spec spec asserts 
write a single byte integer asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
utility function called by the various x y etc . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clears all the data and associated keys . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create angular variable in notebook scope and bind with front end angular display system . spec asserts 
read a socks v reply . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
draws as much of the specified image as is currently available . asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a socket connected to the given host and port . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
register toolbar actions . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove a property change listener to this bean child asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
stores the application type to data store . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
receive notification of the start of a namespace mapping . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
creates an bufferedimage and draws a text using two transformations one for graphics and one for font . 
modifica el nombre de un clasificador asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
mult multiplies this matrix by a scalar . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a routine to skip the next n random numbers . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
constructs a notimplementedexception . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
read in a single partition of data asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a generic confirmation dialog . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the number of columns in the key . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicate that we have just finished an operation on this resource spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
does instruction s have a memory operand of an asserts size ? asserts spec spec spec asserts 
define a proxy class in the given class loader . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a bug fix for versions of jdk . and below . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a dummy head and check the next element . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
compute a asserts background color to draw the label s outline . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parses a name value pair with the given parser . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
locate a value editor for a given target type . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an associated mlcontext for given spark session . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
apply the context node to the matching templates . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
append to the tostring a float value . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create data planning record asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the audio delay in milliseconds to apply when playing back mpeg files windows only spec asserts 
verifies that comparing version . to version . yields a negative value . spec spec spec asserts 
checks that element is declared in else statement of for statement spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
run benchmark for given number of batches with each batch containing the given number of cycles . 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
construct a new asserts with custom replacement strings for dollar and the escape character . spec asserts 
indica si se asserts de un nodo hoja . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new mock asserts listener . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
provide an implementation of the clone method . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
return if a string starts with t or t and return false otherwise . spec spec spec 
perform any postprocessing . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tells whether the given cu is the package info . java . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
expert callback when a query is evicted from this cache . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parses a l command . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
visits the given type specific ast node . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
join element is and asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns a textual representation of the filter . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is this attribute name one of the special ones that is added only for included servlets ? 
is the log console enabled asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test transaction behavior . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
computes the variance for a single set asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
starts all grids specified within given spring xml configuration file url . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
translates the origin of the graphics context to the point x nbsp y in the current coordinate system 
constructs a new instance with the given value . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
searches this vector for the specified object . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
execute a transaction . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a random integer k with probability pdf k . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
build a region covering the whole hyperplane . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check that a plaintext password matches a previously hashed one spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct and load an angular asserts index . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write to the stream without blocking asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
records that register a and register b are associated with each other in a spec . spec 
determines whether the url needs to be sent as an intent to the system and sends it if 
constructs a cancelexception with the file and depth when cancellation occurred . spec spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new exception with the specified detail message . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
always created user data object even with empty tags . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
readdata read the function code and data value asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the given property from being animated as a part of this propertybundle . spec spec asserts 
returns the constant representing a tag with a given tid and default ifd . spec spec spec 
reloads the document using the same base url and namespace handler . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
discretizes using a maximum entropy partitioning asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add graph references to resolve during graph reading . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes a pan listener . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parse list of asserts from the given json . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
filter out output folders from compilation processing . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
issue the asserts command asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
execute igfs command . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
starts a teleport out timer . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
this method always returns true asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether the app is a system app . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
rewind the configuration to the initial situation asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
setbit int n outside a positive number asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
listener that verifies min name and construct lengths . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if there are more rows in this list . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new instance from the on the wire bytes for this attribute including the prefixing attribute type 
generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
whether the back camera should be opened . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
whether the json configuration is the same ignores meta data such as whether factory pid has been assigned 
interface directorypickerfragment . asserts not used asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
deletes file transfer corresponding to a given group chat specified by chat id from history and abort reject 
constructs csvparser with supplied separator and quote char . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a changed address attribute asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
concatenates this string and the specified string . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
named graph query finds everyone who loves someone and the graph in which that relationship was asserted and 
listing of secrets accessible to a client asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
disables maintenance mode by disabling the maintenance filter to enable modification by all endpoints . spec asserts 
returns this scanner s locale . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
iterates the collection and finds all object elements that match the filter criteria . spec spec asserts 
closes this connection . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
executes a random modification on a defined field . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new data point with no categorical variables and adds it to this data set . 
calculates the product of the values in an array . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
overridable construction method that actually instantiates desired parser . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is it a failed search ? spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds wheel clicking listener spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
move all the selected tiles down one space . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns if the tick marks should be visible . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
has destroyed . spec spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads the given file as text . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a complex number to this complex number asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize the global options with the provided set of arguments . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
logs and throws an asserts . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
overrides the symbol info set used by this class . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new set of group categories initialized from the given array of group categories spec spec 
utility method to query the modifier flags of this member . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write the extension to the deroutputstream . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return whether the progress is complete asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a listener that is notified about changes in the database manager . spec spec spec asserts 
call the visitor for the function . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new delegate with the given parameters . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
runs the external program and captures the output in memory for later retrieval . spec spec asserts 
provides the file type s name as the string representation of the file type . spec spec 
returns a shared instance of the asserts spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handles the http post method . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
performs the transformation of the input data to asserts . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test for asserts method assertion returns algorithmparameters object spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the specified listener object that gets notified on changes to navigation information like panning or zooming . 
creates a asserts based on a asserts set of bytes read fro the network spec spec asserts 
asserts that two bytes are equal . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks for a populated title . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the method that implements the parseoutput interface . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates virtual machines in a datacenter asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this operation is not supported by this cipher . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
behavior of validation is modified by passing in options asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
since the condition cannot be altered after creation we can just return the condition object itself . 
adds the ids of all due challenges of the given user in the category with the given id 
creates a new gemfireexception with the given detail message and cause . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether the snapshot has been locked by commitment . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
set the identifier of this item asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
if the given rect is smaller than viewport on x or y axis center rect within viewport on 
checks whether any of the supplied banned flags have been set and sets the parse message if any 
creates an array of asserts that contains a task for each spec in this selectionset . spec 
returns the drop string for a loco . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
deletes the current selected attribute or several chosen ones asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this symbol table contains the specified key . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
provide a value to initialize the volatile peercertificatechain field based on the native ssl session spec asserts 
constructs a new exception with the specified detail message and cause . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
provides a human readable description of the algorithm parameters . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
see the general contract of the read method of inputstream . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a raster with the same layout but using a different width and height and with new zeroed 
trims trailing whitespace . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a new instance of keyinfoconfirmationdata . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is application serviced ? asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
copies blocks to the clipboard . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a copy of this parameter and returns it . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the color for the given element . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if dhus is already started . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
free resources related to annotation processing . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
should be called on validate method in your tileentity class for adding a the tileentity to a network 
consume an argument delimiter a comma from the token stream . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get iterator over the members of the class . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
inserts the specified element into this delay queue . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
connects to a bluetooth device . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a buffer and uploads it to the gpu . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests if this string ends with the specified suffix . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set scrolling region top bottom default full size of window asserts . spec spec spec spec asserts 
writes chars from a charsequence to a writer . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes an empty symbol table with the specified initial capacity . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates and returns a validator which allows to validate texts to ensure that they contain no whitespace . 
switch to specified lex state . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
if necessary warn the user about this deployer s limitations . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a comparator which will test only the specified number of dimensions . spec spec spec spec 
remove the value associated to the specific key spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
this method can be used to update alert definition for the stat mentioned . asserts spec asserts 
creates a new instance with specified buffer size and asserts file directory . spec spec spec spec 
create authorization request authorization request . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
applies the qualifiedattributevalueexp to an mbean . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs a negativearraysizeexception with no detail message . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
stop recording and save to the file specified when recording started . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a random number from the distribution . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a command object . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an instance using the default key . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
factory method that returns an implicit intent for viewing the downloaded image in the gallery app . 
custom deserialization method . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the element s css classes . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts all displays . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
update the customer discount for the given customer organization . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
test for getaffinex method assertion returns null for ecpoint . point infinity test preconditions none expected must return 
pass a custom view if you need a completely custom drawer content asserts spec spec spec asserts 
rewinds the buffer . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a single corpus text file of new training data to the custom language model . spec 
initializes an input stream from a socket . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates a public and private key with the minimum size of bytes and set the variables of this 
if no hosted zone is supplied explicitly this function will attempt to find a managed zone in aws 
returns a mutable manage name identifier request object . asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
returns the distance between this value s first component and the specified other value s first component . 
removes any data that may have been stored in this backend . spec spec spec spec asserts 
a method to construct a default digest method type with a default hashalgorithm spec spec spec asserts 
adds an element to the element . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clones a collection of references and returns a list . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test of spec method of class asserts . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create the object decoding the values from the passed stream . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a file with all needed methods . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
replaces the solution at the given index . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
inserts the string representation of the specified long into this buffer at the specified offset . spec 
shortcut method with criteria asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
filesystem is not a zone level resource asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
computes the dimension of the array represented by the given descriptor . spec spec spec spec spec 
adds vertex to buffers . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the current keep ignorable whitespace setting . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
unbind stop filedownloader process manually do not need will unbind stop automatically by system if leave unused period 
update the attribute indexes to reflect the changes to the attributes of an entry resulting from a sequence 
a simple function to create lists without all the extra noise . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a new exception with the specified cause and a derived detail message . spec spec asserts 
convert a value to a . . . . . fractional hotness value spec spec spec asserts 
this method was generated by mybatis generator . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs instance of asserts with error message and cause asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
close pool s being maintained by this datasource . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
number of users to return . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
hide progressbar when data loaded asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize the asserts object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests submitting a sequential event . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
inserts an integer value into the dynany . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
overriding tostring for debugging purposes . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes secret s status from the channel . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
visit all superclass methods which the given method overrides . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
specifies whether slash slash c style comments shall be recognized . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the account federation information key value string that is stored in the repository . spec spec 
construye un objeto de la clase . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a lazypstackx from an iterable using the specified collector . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
dispatches the end transition event to suitable views . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates either a stream or a datagram socket . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create the converter with no default value . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
install package normal by system intent asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
manages the cqs created for the base region . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
find the fields constant that matches fieldid throwing an exception if it is not found . asserts 
creates an input dialog for the user to enter something . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parses a single text block with equal indentation . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an instance of the factory . spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
edit a volumen of an existing counting station at a given hour asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compute average time between peaks . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
focus gained save for escape asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
links two nodes . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns array of bytes representing hash of the stream as finalized for the current state . spec 
guesses the distribution to use for the degree parameter asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
send a rtp packet asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test whether the specified range overlaps the current region asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create adjacency lists for each vertex asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts with all values set to zero . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
initializes the arguments without parsing them . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when we receive a notification that the current item is done loading . spec spec asserts 
parses the configuration directory from the given input stream . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates a comment string that documentats the data generator . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new invalidcredentialsexception with a null detail message . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
an interpolator whose value at each point is the result of multiplying the outcomes of the two provided 
load pbartner dependent order invoice shipment field . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
iterate over key and all descendants . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an instance using the default key . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
perform a http put request and track the android context which initiated the request . spec asserts 
static version to log a info message . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set the destination url of the default rate review button . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
make a clone of only the parts of the intent that are relevant for filter matching the action 
closes this cache . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts object . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
meant to be overridden to start the desired type of programmer spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
method for directly inserting specified byte in output at current position . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates this entry by sending the current representation to the associated gdata service . spec spec spec 
this method will be used check to arraywrapper object is equal or not spec asserts spec asserts 
create a new transformerfactoryconfigurationerror with no detail message . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
computes intermediate hash of bytes of byte array from the given offset . spec spec spec asserts 
fills the rectangle from the top left position using the given height and width . spec asserts 
checks whether the string contains only digit characters . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
warning this method must be invoked before asserts . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new exception with null as its detail message . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
process a version string to determine the major and minor versions of the file . spec spec 
method to asserts a asserts array to the buffer asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
log with some messages . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
close the index writer and searcher and remove them from the index access set . spec asserts 
constructs a new replace edit . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
produce an object suitable for an asn outputstream . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
hook method that gives a final chance to release resources and stop spawned threads . spec asserts 
disable detection of network operations . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a new multistepexprholder in sorted order in the list . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
execute the fallback elements . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
returns a byte array representation of a biginteger without sign bit . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert to hsl check that the lightness value asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
evaluate the asserts term of the asserts point approximation . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
provide reflective behavior to construct instance of generator given an array of string arguments . spec spec 
visits the return type of the method . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
saves a copy of the view to the database . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
stops the current video playback and resets the listener states so that we receive the callbacks for events 
internal method that add the string in both maps string to idx and idx to string . 
returns true if the given functor is an internal predicate . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates the ui . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create new instance . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
logs that the asserts refactoring got canceled by the user . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
function for disconnecting a member from distributed system . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the id . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads a single row from the database . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes a listener that was tracking caret position changes . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
visits an invokedynamic instruction . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns a new uninitialized instance of this object s class . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
osx requires plugged in usb storage to have path dcim nnnaaaaa to be imported . spec asserts 
this method resets the source of certificates . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
scrolls this recycler view to the top . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
performs a validation on idle connections asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
removes the objective from all display slots . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
registers an inspector to be stopped if necessary in the future . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
rename an entry using a synchronization non replicated operation . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
change the expression owned by the owner argument to a variable reference of the given name . 
square root is not a logical function . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
checks whether nominal schemes can handle more than two classes . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resolve whether the downloadmanager is enable in current devices . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method initialises the span based on a follows from relationship . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
connectorconfigurationhelper is required always asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
all appends to this document have finished do whatever final cleanup is needed . spec spec asserts 
the operation to perform when this action is triggered . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the receiver is enabled and false otherwise . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove the value from the tree . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
record the restore state for the next backup . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
in place apply all the transforms to the context and items add context to examples and apply the 
constructs and returns a propertyvaluesholder with a given property name and set of int values . spec 
write a raster in the response . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new cache and specify the maximum size of for the cache in bytes and the maximum 
loads train icons if needed asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
create a copy of a rational . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
releases the resources used by this input context . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
scale all data to asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
jump all animations to their end state . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clears all of the previously set sounds and events . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method resets the incoming events time events included . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
loops through data objects and deserializes them . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a bunch of single values for fractional exclude configuration attribute . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an instance of the diskbasedcache at the specified directory using the default maximum cache size of mb 
create an isa filter that tests for instances of a given control class name . spec asserts 
get the text up but not including the specified character or the end of line whichever comes first 
post a notification to be shown in the status bar . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
utility may be used to read the required performance counters for the load balancer from zero or more 
create a binary search tree from an array of objects spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new instance of linkexception . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
it converts seconds to millis . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the upper value to be matched if any . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new backgroundpainter . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sort the rendering queue . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
copies all constant pool items to a given new constant pool and replaces the original items with the 
converts a byte binary float value to a float primitive . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new user select combo box . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts validator . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes dh asserts and ecdh asserts from a comma separated list of ciphers . spec spec asserts 
remove a batch classifier listener asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the level number of a proof with steps numbered x is n . the value of spec spec 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
adds a new sample to this mean . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new whitenedpca . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
this method always returns false for unresolved permissions . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this either implements the interface argument or is directly or indirectly a wrapper for an 
multiply the given matrix mat with this vector f and store the result in this . asserts 
add stack trace element spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a stream consisting of the entries of this stream additionally performing the provided action on each entry 
returns a string value corresponding to this enumeration value . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
have the attributes of this service schema been modified spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a builder that can easily build this dto . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
retrieve a processor that was previously put in this keeper . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a payment message . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a ssx operator . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
finalize and close csv file asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if this result set is closed . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a content model state for a content model . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
report the coordinates of the nearest points in the input geometries . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of contentencodingparser spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an seq with the single value asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create password field . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get a hash code value for this transaction state . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance that is not a delegate of another object spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test name when war has no extension . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes the current values to report file asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize the burlap stream with the underlying input stream . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates instance from the content downloaded from specified url . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reports an error that occured while scanning . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
convenience method to register an asserts with espresso . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether the caller application is a part of the system build . spec spec spec spec 
creates a new instance of this ldap connection handler . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find printstream to which the output must be written to . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the storage port with the passed id from the database . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new framebodytpe datatype . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
decides if present authentication context is sufficient comparing to the requested authentication context using the comparison type set 
return the actual emulatedfields instance used by the receiver . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
clears the vector . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
favorite an experiment . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
action method to create the cash submission report asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test default admin server . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
register a new known file or path on the registry . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
write and read char values to from a stream . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a persistent cookie store . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
preview a asserts asserts with draw patch coffee tool . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if is uri option . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
perform dataflow checks on an attributed parse tree . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
appending the offset clause . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if the current deployment is an appliance asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the contents at the given uri . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the next largest power of two or zero if x is already a power of two . 
new bigdecimal string value value contains exponent and does not contain decimal point spec spec spec asserts 
assert that the given object is not an instanceof expectedclasstype . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
override the equals method . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a new state to the state machine . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method should only get called once . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an enumeration of the keys in this table . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
does the next or the last phase of the key agreement using the specified key . spec 
adds tuples to sorted queue asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
for the current domain and range parameters produce a new scale function that is the inverse of the 
in a moment skillcaster will decrease your flight time because they used skillname . spec spec asserts 
sets or replaces attribute values with the new values supplied and stores the changes to directory server . 
inlines the method inlinee into the container at the point asserts . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
always returns true . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
make a linear scaling from a given minimum and maximum . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
divide a positive number by one . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
id of the community where the album is located . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prepend the given string to this charseq asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
method to verify if the instance is an anomaly . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set the limit of this statement . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an mbeaninfo . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
the signed inclusive lower bound on the value described by this stamp . spec spec spec asserts 
optimize the join group . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new httpexception with a null detail message . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct an observablet from a publisher containing nested observables asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the jtree reference that utilizes this listener . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handles scrolling in response to a page up down shortcut press . asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
add a fixed view to appear at the top of the list . spec spec spec asserts 
ensures that an object reference passed as a parameter to the calling method is not null . 
filter asserts s of guideline objects asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes a player from the blocked users list does not send packets or update the database asserts 
this method was generated by mybatis generator . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
subtract two negative numbers of the same length . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the callback if it exists . spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
escapes all regexp special characters in a string . ? spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compute the direction including distance from agent to agent in radians . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set top right corner radius in px asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if db is already registered else creates and registers db entity asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this asserts has at least one form type field which is hidden . spec 
check if the last change event triggered was for a true karma change . spec spec spec 
returns true if the given character is a digit only . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
updates the screen state current list and other views when the content changes . spec spec asserts 
registers a single shot timer for the current actor . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
visits information about an inner class . spec asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parse a document . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construtor that declares which layout file is used as the layout for each row . spec asserts 
saves an image to the internal storage asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a new tinthash instance whose capacity is the next highest prime above initialcapacity unless that value is 
creates a new asserts spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cycles to the same map . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts la bandeja de entrada asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a node for a char constant . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
quick and asserts assertion that there are no invalid cycles in the given graph . spec asserts 
asserts combines this sphere with a second bounding sphere locally . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
renders the tuple expression as a query string . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
paints the border of a root pane . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the value of the asserts property . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the time when this systemmessage was first posted . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates the name given a virtual volume when it is created . spec spec spec spec spec 
helper method to check if message is initialized . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
allocates a direct float buffer and populates it with the float array data . spec spec asserts 
creates new icon . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a bottom sheet with the arguments which have been supplied to the builder and immediately maximizes it 
redirect stdout and stderr to logger . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
returns the image . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a qr code symbol representing the specified unicode text string at the specified error correction level . 
continue to the next line the rest of the current line is skipped spec asserts spec asserts 
get the contents of a reader as a byte using the specified character encoding . spec asserts 
performs a deep copy on other . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a passwordedittext view through xml inflation using settings from provided attributes and from the style assigned to 
constructs an instance from the received response packet . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
zip two streams into one . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
executes a command and return the error and output result of the process spec spec spec asserts 
reads a data block . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check for your device to support ble asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
obtiene si el usuario conectado puede modificar el usuario indicado . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
restores a volume to a specified snapshot . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates the designated column with a java . sql . bigdecimal value . spec spec spec spec 
called from asserts only orders have been set spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a zone by performing a zone transfer to the specified host . spec spec spec asserts 
remove the object from the database . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a virtual array . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new scannerexception with a message and line number . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
build the client . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compare the contents of two readers to determine if they are equal or not ignoring eol characters . 
returns true if the specified char is a white space character but not x . spec spec 
returns a summary the contents of this archive . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test for hashcode method . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a times control flow strategy . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
verify we add limit if none exists and the limit is greater than . spec spec asserts 
copies a file . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resets this matcher . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns if a footer is at the specified position . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string representation of the element . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the routing property . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a new value for name asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
matrix project requires special extraction . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
paints the background of the viewport . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
stops the compactor without taking a write lock . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
if multiple tuples are unpacked make sure it produces correct number of output tuples spec spec spec 
compares the specified property to the comparestring returns true if they are the same false otherwise asserts 
returns the title case equivalent for the specified code point if it exists . spec spec spec 
constructs a wooden step . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this objects asserts is higher than the others . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a hash code for this asserts . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the child array to the correct size . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts add an entry . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
configures a root file logger . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new cacheheader object asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
the character name has been changed to . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
start with row and work upwards to see if still valid . spec spec spec spec spec 
make a response . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a deep copy of the receiver . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
creates a abstractquerybuilder instance that can be used to build api request with various parameters spec asserts 
construct an instance of xsltelementdef . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this function returns true if the character is linear white space lws . spec spec spec asserts 
public method to notify user when the second bit of a proposed two output bit turnout has a 
callback used by the asserts class to signal the end of a an allocated traffic channel call event 
print address reverse order asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
whether mp has protection bit asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a sound property . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when message wasn t handled asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
print the the trace of methods from where the error originated . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the iterator of the priority queue which will not return elements in any specified ordering . 
creates a new cssattributecondition object . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this rest endpoint if for hello . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
compare using the delegate comparator but reversing the result . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clearbit int n inside a negative number asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the order of the constant asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
vt byref vt decimal c type decimal asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds an element to the end of the list . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
divides the example text of a voice into sentences in a vector asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert a dp size to pixel . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when the ui is being removed from the interface of a jtextcomponent . spec spec spec 
agrega un nuevo campo extendido a la lista spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
send a custom jsonobject user message to all peers . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ensure the buffer is large enough . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ensures entry array size for the specified capacity . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
load plugin internal preferences . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
parse a heat tag for the given entity . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
fills the internal char buffer from the reader . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new exception with the specified detail message cause and bean for jax ws exception serialization . 
http java . sun . com docs books jvms second edition html instructions . spec spec asserts 
helper method used to ensure that we do not use back reference values that would produce illegal byte 
does this interval equal the other interval ? asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
checks whether user is an employee or not asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
passes in data structures that will be filled out after asserts . spec is called with this instance 
called after data is read from a file . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
hide the overflow menu if it is currently showing . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a total result count cookie . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
render the asserts contained in this set onto a image . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
create a new property decoding exception . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the result of calling the compareto method on asserts nicks . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return turn if the method is a source method that has a high level information kind defined . 
writes len bytes from the specified byte array starting at offset off to this output stream . 
comparator on the asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this removes an annotation if it exists from the map . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates one or two utf characters to represent the given ucs character . spec spec spec spec 
constructs an asserts with the given maximum number of child nodes that a node may have . 
if a value is present invoke the specified consumer with the value otherwise do nothing . asserts 
reads a int value from a byte array at a given offset . spec spec spec asserts 
create a new driver for this collector asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds all the elements of a collection to the queue . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a simpleschedulebuilder set to repeat the given number of times with an interval of the given number 
compare two values . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generate tight hashcode for each method . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
takes the message and adds a header to it . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a map from a peer for sending . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check and see if this set of permissions implies the permissions expressed in permission . spec asserts 
only for testing . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is the deleted flag set ? asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if field id is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise spec asserts 
adds the attribute . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a repeating extension . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize to empty . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
hide the cursor by creating a transparent image and using it as a custom cursor . asserts 
reads data into an array of bytes . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
concatenate the two lists . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if mobile network classified g with matching imsi . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the value at offset from the list . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
retrieve the current textual label associated with this item . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an asserts from the given import statement asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
drop the preview cache for this configuration . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculates the prediction margin . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
fill field values to default values for this synapse type . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
rehashes this map into a new map with a large number of buckets . spec spec asserts 
ctor for a functional swing object with no existing adapter spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
formats a double value . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct an der output stream . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
computes a complex or real if im . . . fft and converts the results to polar coordinates 
empties the set . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find the index of already existing app usage in usages spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
revokes ownership privileges from other users . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
nothing to do if nodes were removed . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called before reference on this presenter will be cleared and instance of presenter will be never used . 
creates a repeat property . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
applies a slide down animation relative to itself to the view supplied asserts spec spec spec asserts 
identify all the object pointers stored as local variables associated with though not necessarily strictly within ! 
remove an existing connector . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the maximum count of the segment . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
helper functions for sending download service intents asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts the current candidate if it s a wildcard tree node and has interest in the current search 
creates a new supply given a value . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tells whether the user specified to have an interactive uninstall or not . spec spec spec asserts 
returns the regularized gamma function p a x . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove a single app from the list based on its package name . spec spec spec asserts 
produces a new short array containing the elements between the start and end indices . spec asserts 
creates a new instance of this test case class . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
inserts the string into this string buffer . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method to calculate the percentiles clear out the log probability scores and set the trained value to true 
compute the zobrist hash value non incrementally . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the ignore status spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reserve memory for parent set asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
this is a quiet method . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
puts the result for the provided session id to the cache with its creation time . asserts 
scores the given dag up to a constant . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
de register a name after all references have been removed . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the specified attribute to the model store . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
destruction of the servlet . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
triggers an asserts for the image datastore passed as a parameter . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests if asserts authentication is used . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the tip text for this property asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the number of files currently being used to store the values in this cache . asserts 
skilltarget is in the elemental maximum defense state because skillcaster used skillname . spec spec spec asserts 
reconstitute this object from a stream i . e . deserialize it . spec spec spec asserts 
create a new linkedcaseinsensitivemap for the default locale . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
uploads a new photo . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a asserts object for failed requests . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts the offense s qb . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
asserts that we have a label with the given text baring the given name spec spec spec 
returns a string representation of this instance primarily for debugging purposes . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invoked when a callback fails . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the value of the asserts property . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove a child node from this node if it is one . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts model asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove any resource link reference with the specified name . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new element array asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create the converter with a default value . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
appends to the builder the compareto object result of the superclass . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
split a phonetic string into allophone symbols . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new malformedcookieexception with a null detail message . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an exact copy of this area object . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new header with the provided error . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
utility method to fully release any countdownlatch . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an instance of this asserts . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
notification that the filters have changed . spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ensures that the directory server is running . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
returns the table name of this tableinfo asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a asserts containing information about how a classpath element should be spec including the staging destination as 
returns the hash code for this marshalledinstance . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this constructs an instance from a factory and a notifier . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
simply return the value from calling asserts . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
register a callback method for when an item is selected . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
generates the reference points weights for the given number of divisions . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ambiguous syntax ? asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
format a time to the java source code that represents this object . spec spec spec asserts 
returns the decoded password or an empty string if none is present . spec spec spec asserts 
this method gets called when the device responds with an answer to the library challenge . asserts 
create and send an inotification . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
signature related files include . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
you normally need not use this method . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an imageicon from the specified file . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sends sms notification to a user s mobile device . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compute the gradient vector . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests if all idrefs have corresponding ids . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
collect pts results for both device and host tests to the package result . spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
wait indefinitely till the container is stopped . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts fills the matrix cell with the player s token spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
transform to bean . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
validate that a relation definition belongs to this managed object . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
adding an item to a position asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
flush nop asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
sorts the specified range in the array in ascending numerical order . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
copy existing definition to client asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
returns asserts or creates one if none exists . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns an airing that correlates to the same content as the argument that is playable now . 
utility method computing the size of the widget if dimensions are set to wrap content using the default 
updates the value of the specified item in this matrix series . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get file set name from a giving uri . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads the double value from the json array for specified index spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
does the work of getting the path . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new widget and add it to panel menu . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
check if pool exists in db . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the object is also a bayesian network with exactly the same node identifiers . 
handles request to update status asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
convert an input stream to a matrix asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constucts a wrapper for the given edgelistgraph . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
todo detects asserts desktop asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
creates a list of asserts that form a rectangle with the given dimensions . spec spec spec 
converts an array of accounts into a set of account names . spec spec spec spec spec 
a shaded critical is a box shaded on the record sheet implies pilot damage when hit . 
returns true if the given string is a stop word . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
closes all streams in this sequence of input stream . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
saves the given login token to the preferences asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
add on progress changed handler on event bus . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a permission to a file or directory . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a minimal instance using the parent s default model and the field s name as its bound 
override this method to load the tile using for example an executorservice . spec spec spec asserts 
reconstitutes this queue from a stream that is deserializes it . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
logs a message with the specified log level . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string representation of the given annotation value suitable for inclusion in a java source file as 
default implementation of iresourcerulefactory spec . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new ui object for the given component . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
appends a character array to the buffer . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add all asserts from a merger . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
download file from storage server asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
brightens an image . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a dml script object based on an input stream . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
finalize this servlet . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
setup roboto typeface . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
override to impl asserts image background . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
every public method must preserve these invariants . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
visit a size . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks that the given substring is a valid java identifier . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads jar file and stored classes locally . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a generic live video content object asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes a partial journal entry . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a representation of a subscription reply to the specified node and jid . spec spec asserts 
connect this vertex s source port to a target vertex input port using the given edge . 
get is manufacturer . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the mapped style name corresponding to style . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts object . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write text to the build s console log logger prefixed with marathon . spec spec spec asserts 
removes implementation specific representation of snapshot . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
create a new connection object to sqlite database . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new exception with the given detail message and appends the specified reason to the message key 
creates an operand stack . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance that wraps the specified input stream . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the ui and creates the detector pipeline . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
reset configuration properties to their default values . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sends a broadcast when a new download is added to the queue . spec spec spec asserts 
removes a caret change listener from this text area . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if the given date is in the validity period of the certificate . spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of datafile asserts spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
todo register our asserts with asserts this is super simple we just call asserts . input . asserts 
transposes this intersectionmatrix . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
create a new state . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
utility function called by animateproperty and animatepropertyby which handles the details of adding a pending animation and posting 
returns the library import paths that are currently configured for picture files asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates the meta data spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
called when an update was completed . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the under the hood method to remove a link set member called from set spec to ensure referential 
adds semantic checks to the default deserialization method . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates and starts a new stopwatch using the specified time source . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adjusts the primitive value mapped to key . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a callee hierarchy for a method call in a java source file . spec spec asserts 
cleanups after each tests . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
build the graph of configurations and dependencies . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
override this method if you need to persist entities after the param interceptor is called . asserts 
compares this transform with another one spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if there is any connectivity to a wifi network spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invoked when the animated value of an animatable attribute has changed . spec spec spec spec spec 
group volumes by array group storage system id . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
increase the lock number by one . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
removes a listener object from the tag . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
responsible for refreshing the aperture asynchronously adding removing reactive sockets to match spec periodically add a new connection 
construct new potioneffecttype . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find the first qualifier of the given field asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
dom internal add a domstring to the list . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
stop refresh reset header view . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a copy of the given byte array in reverse order . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
derived classes should implement this method and encode the input bufferedimage as needed asserts asserts spec asserts 
prints the state information if the tlc runs in print diff only mode and the last state is 
receive notification of a parser warning . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
don t accept a transformed response . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new asserts with default values . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an n vector of zeros . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
validate the write set for a transaction . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
combo assert for string not null and not empty asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resets the iterator starting iteration from head and returns it . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes all occurrences in this collection which are contained in the specified collection . spec spec asserts 
waits for and accepts a single command connection . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
brings up a dialog that displays a message using a default icon determined by the messagetype parameter . 
display an error message in the browser control when a dynamic url cannot be allocated because of an 
creates a new web browser process or points the current one to the url argument . spec 
it calls the asserts method on all the listeners in the listener set . spec spec spec 
rearrange the elements of a double array in random order . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the rectangle is empty left right or top bottom asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a command that uses the supplied dedicated controller to moves within the tolerance of the target . 
creates a new random number generator using a single int seed . spec spec spec spec spec 
reads an indexcreatedevent by uuid . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize abandoned tracing for this object . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
translate y by given value . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns if the chart is inside a scroll view and doesn t need to shrink . asserts 
primitive method that determines the proper location to insert a new child based on layer and position requests 
returns a set of all components under the given parent . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
encodes up to the first three bytes of array threebytes and returns a four byte array in base 
returns an unmodifiable view of the specified set . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this will find an overlap and then return information about that overlap asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates the underlying database table . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return true if a given event can result in a forked subscription . spec spec spec asserts 
encode the input data producing a hex encoded byte array . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
initializes jtableheader properties such as font foreground and background . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cleans up a single reference . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
retrieves and loads the image source from this request task s texture atlas element and notifies the element 
removes the entry from the counters set contained in asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests changing preferred units to metric . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a smell source from a specified stimulus vector using defaults otherwise . spec spec spec asserts 
convenience method for encoding data to a file . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when the ddm server disconnects . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of the kernel estimate style transfer entropy calculator asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether more chrono storage blocks are available . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
split a value that may contain a comma space of bar separated list . spec spec spec 
creates a new axis . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert the version to string format for use in printing to the console or other implementations asserts 
evaluate a value userattr type . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
initializes view specific actions . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
for all full copy volume set asserts as detached asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
called when an attr node has been modified . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
perform a http head request with parameters . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates data to sign or to verify . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tell the user of an error and probably throw an exception . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convenience method to indicate if any part of this channel is contained within the minimum and maximum frequency 
search for session in cache . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if two file objects are equal . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
return a textual description of this rule asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
checks if the material is banned from being a seal spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks that conventional fighters only have a standard asserts and that spec fighters have a valid spec standard 
process a new response from the license server . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds new pages to the end of the book . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compute the number of bytes that would be needed to encode an enum field . spec asserts 
return an array of length count containing random integers in the range max generated off the test rng 
returns a hash code for this stringconstant object . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a legionmember to the asserts list asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the lowest layer value from all current children . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new block . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invoked this to insert newchild at location index in parents children . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a bunch of single values for fractional configuration attributes spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test whether two collections contains the same elements regardless of the order in which the elements appear in 
add a field with the specified value without any validation . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handles the request and forwards it to the hook specific destination . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
record data to local files that begin with the given prefix . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts a string into a byte array containing the bit packed gsm alphabet representation of the string . 
sorts the specified array into ascending numerical order . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
shutdown each asserts client in the map . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
encode a zigzag encoded bit value . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a schema receiver for nvdl schemas . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
replacement function for nextbytes asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
constructs new instance of cm version check packet asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
put a view into the scrapviews list . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove the asserts to the session listeners . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
throws notserializableexception since invalidpropertiesformatexception objects are not intended to be serializable . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
removes leading whitespace from string . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests a method with no arguments spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a list of view objects to the adapter at once . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
change parser to asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
the id of the document to delete . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines if a font can display up to a point in the string . spec spec asserts 
drop the tables from the database . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if the provided elements all are non null . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a class which will be displayed in this sub tree . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize the multipart stream with a given boundary . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
description to be displayed in the gui . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the tip text for this property asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
skillcaster has inflicted num damage on you by using skillname . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the test case . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new network response . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the asserts value for this usuario . asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
returns asserts object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
commit and report any errors to the client asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
attempts to update the textfield value from the editor . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this view must block every touch event so the user cannot click on fab anymore if this view 
construct a java . lang . float converter that throws a conversionexception if an error occurs . 
hack show progress without delay asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
this method determines if the argument is a valid state . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets project name from uri . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
tell engine to move now . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
applies kitkat specific translucency . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculates the aspect ratio given a rectangle . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
launch an activity . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
customize the empty view image . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resets this stream to the beginning of the underlying byte array . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a fast non dominated sorting operator using pareto dominance . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called by native code for the async response to a asserts method call to org . bluez . 
constructs a new modbusioexception instance with the given message . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
appends a subsequence of the specified character sequence . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the view using the asserts layout and retrieves the relevant ui items . spec spec asserts 
is under attack . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a new collection with the given title and accept types . spec spec spec spec spec 
calculates an approximation of the function value in y of this line at p y if the line 
add child and set parent reference . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks that the directory provided either exists and is writable or doesn t exist but can be created 
returns an array of the events comprising the drag gesture . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
converts a class name from the internal representation used in the jvm to the normal one used in 
creates an empty tabbedpane with a default tab placement of jtabbedpane . top . spec spec spec 
indicates whether this params specifies an event status . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an empty list . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
creates new grid exception given throwable as a cause and source of error message . spec asserts 
return the capacity of non volatile handler store . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an imageproducer object which uses an array of integers in the default rgb colormodel to produce data 
retrieves the next attribute in this sqlinputimpl object as a boolean in the java programming language . 
performs the setup and populates the emf registries in the standalone environment . spec spec spec asserts 
handle the selection from the popup menu . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines if the passed supporting device name conforms to the default naming convention . spec spec asserts 
constructs a database administrator without a connection asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
applies heuristic for finding candidate that is expected to lead to good gain when applying spec together with 
tests transforming destinations into activemq s destination implementation . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
filter examples that have invalid values in any columns . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
quest acquired asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
convert uint into char we treat char as uint asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invokes the paint method on each ui handled by this object . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this task accepts any number of files to compare to . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new instance of subscriptionnotenabledexception with a and cause spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
fully reads the given inputstream and returns it as a byte array asserts spec spec spec asserts 
consume a css element selector tag name but instead of for namespaces to not conflict with pseudo selects 
creates virtual account . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the list of files generated during this batch . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
instantiates a new message builder with the given data and without headers . spec spec spec asserts 
returns a reasonably efficient key for this select that incorporates both the fully qualified key name as well 
returns the first unmatched node of the given mode or null if none . spec spec asserts 
drop the cached tostring rep of this id asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method handles events for the text field . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize the service instance . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
case valid regular expression string or char literal . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
has this signal an item associated with it ? spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
searches for an object in the array . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
waits for a given port to become used . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resets object representation of date time asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
appends part of an xml document . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an asserts object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clears the plot . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates a tool tip text item for a particular item within a series . spec spec asserts 
returns the number of observations within the distribution . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
thread to deactivate object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the put update order operation asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
create a flight for the user asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the number of tweets returned per request for the twitterlisttimeline . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new emr cluster definition create request . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
outputs a string to a data output stream . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new factor given the probability distribution defined in the bayesian node and the evidence which needs 
constructs a new workbench workbench for the given workbench model . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
removes an arrow . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
determine the set of variables live on entry to any handler block that is reachable from spec 
reports an error that occured while scanning . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
always returns false since this state machine can never become final . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns new builder of item meta data . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string describing this cryptopermission . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
read the vendor data from the channelbuffer into the byte array . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new tracevisitor instance . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return string representation of this pseudo socket . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handles the message by passing the message to the script as the message attribute . spec asserts 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method sends a patch operation to the current service instance to moved to the failed state in 
materialize and notify listeners of the remove events . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
finds files within a given directory and optionally its subdirectories . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when the current entity is done firing . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
processes a asserts report asserts set message . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tells whether or not the asserts of a domain always in scope needs confirmation . spec asserts 
convenience method to show a dialog stretched to one of the sides asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the given extension has a registered mime type . spec spec spec spec spec 
removes all nodes that were added to this layer . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if drawing x values is enabled false if not spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
rather than creating contexts directly instead associate with externally created context . spec spec spec spec spec 
throw asserts on null or empty asserts array asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a cascadedtable without a backing parent table . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
discards the specified byte . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns the best achieved metric value . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
install a built in function . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes the contents of the pool entry . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks to see if the last modification of the file matches cutoff favorably . spec spec asserts 
create a new floatbuffer of an appropriate size to hold the specified number of vector f object data 
use in concurrent scenario where queue is to be shared among all the processors . spec asserts 
this test asserts draws gamma asserts and compares the coded pdf with the actual pdf . asserts 
formats a date to a cfml date format asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert the value of the passed in extension to an object spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts the endianness of an spec to the format required by the jre . spec spec asserts 
creates a new empty property set . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
verify whether the mock stats gathered are correct or not . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
create the message . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an enumeration describing the available options . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
call if have some problem with getting content spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find a class by its full qualified name asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the state of this instance . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if term is in asserts false otherwise . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a http header to send in each of the upload requests . spec spec spec asserts 
returns a filter that ors the two specified filters . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the index of the first occurrence of the pattern string in the text string . asserts 
init mouse listeners on the rippler node asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
convenience method to check if a specified genome is marked as spec spec . spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
render the scene normally with sampling the previously rendered depth texture . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
don t instantiate . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test of spec method of class auditservicethreadqueueimpl . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ignore any incoming exception from other vms we just want an acknowledgement that the message was processed . 
creates the thread acting as a client side . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test that the pruning code works properly the database should not go beyond entries and the oldest entries 
export the openam config export asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
creates a new asserts based on a settings object s settings but with different spec spec asserts 
creates a new child node for the given parent and change group . spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this connection is idle . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ctor for an object being created during load process swing init is deferred . spec spec asserts 
send a verbose log message . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether two arrays are the same length treating null arrays as length . spec spec asserts 
a candidate beaninstance can t be an input if it is the target of a connection from a 
auto complete support . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compares two strings returning true if they are equal ignoring the case . spec spec spec asserts 
writes the property in a safe serialization format . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates whether this entry contains the specified user attribute . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a new uri that follows the generic uri syntax from its component parts . spec asserts 
checks if the event is already in a list at position position asserts spec spec spec asserts 
configures jdk logging to use this class for everything . spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
returns a string representation of this dtd . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
subscribe to standby channel so that it doesn t interfere with the spec signaling . spec asserts 
creates a new asserts . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parses a v command . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new zoomtofitcontrol . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
usage java asserts threaddump . txt asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
instantiates a new http exception . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
helper method to construct appropriately typed asserts for this value . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
note the current code will only work if the string array in strings . xml is not changed 
adds an element to the element . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates the name of the eclipse project to match the name of the corresponding gradle project . 
adds new values to the series asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
pop a int . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new create pixel matrix action . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
signals the rs we just entered a new status . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
send mail to organization . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the remaining list of the virtual network . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
visits the given type specific ast node . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
supports deferred automatic layout . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
if the packet in switch port is disabled for all data traffic then the packet will be dropped 
creates a new instance with sorting . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
creates a button that applies the default attributes of the editor to the current selection . asserts 
defines a new example group . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts with the given dependencies . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
used for parameter uses creates a goal that tries to cover the given use spec spec asserts 
returns a unbacked list of elements in this set . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert a random variable drawn from a normal gaussian distribution to one that is spec distributed . 
indicates if a field value indicates a timespan greater than one year . spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a featuredescriptor . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
load asserts and any hard coded fields from an apache config object for use by the spark executor 
create a new daylight instance . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
changes the fragment when clicked asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
request a permission and optionally register a callback for the current activity asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs a cubeportrayal d with the given opaque image and a scale of . . spec spec 
creates an extendedbuffercapabilities instance with front back flip caps from the passed image flip caps and the v 
finds out whether the given binary info matches the search pattern . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
open a jfilechooser to select a directory to use . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
intercepts the client request flow and extract request information to be published to the das for tracing . 
calculates the z score of the data point which measures how many standard deviations the data point is 
adds a pending displacement attack to the list for this phase . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
downloads the zip file containing the container files . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads into a byte array . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the cause of this exception to the specified value . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this node has child nodes . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
allocates storageports in either the simulated or production modes . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parse an asserts action . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new test ping event with the given arguments . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
increments the round counter asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
block until the processor has asserts to the given state . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
utility function called by animateproperty and animatepropertyby which handles the details of adding a pending animation and posting 
this method derive the best tests for the uncovered goals according to the preference criterion spec asserts 
is x an element of this set ? asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the provider requires access to a satellite based positioning system e . g . gps 
read a single byte protecting against various timeouts etc . spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
describes whether this service is enabled by configuration . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
start services a host can run multiple services . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is selling special materials for master crafting . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return true if the agent geometry crosses the geometry of the localized entity passed in parameter spec 
updates timestamp for a received event spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compare the distance values to allow sorting in a tree map . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string representation of the object . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called by onsaveinstancestate . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a completionstatus object from the given int . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
contexts bootstrapmodule returns bootstrapmodule constraint asserts string sourcepath string ? spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a specific media subtype such as plain or png mpeg mp or xml . spec spec 
creates a new instance of a asserts . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
builds a concrete definition asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
restores all windows . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a random big integer in the specified range min max . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
load x . certificate from a file asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs sub automaton corresponding to decimal numbers of length x . substring n . length . spec 
calculates the difference between two angles . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the named user layer . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
frees allocated resources . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
this method scales image down for given value related to image center . spec spec spec asserts 
calculates the d statistic for comparison against a continous distribution spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
mark the occurrence of a given number of events . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
skilltarget blocked num damage through the effect of skillname . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
fills the specified array with the specified element . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prepares a fresh connection object which can then be used to establish a connection to the specified ssh 
requests the corresponding member to provide the basic jvm metrics which are listed in class asserts to be 
provide asserts to manager so the it can handle runtimepermission spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
increments and reads the value . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
description of the method spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constant time conditional move . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove the null state from the combo box . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
put a value in the jsonarray where the value will be a jsonobject that is produced from a 
create inline data sources asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
show update notifications if updates are available asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
reads from our entriesfromstorage for the specified switch and sends the flowmods down to the controller in sorted 
register a namespace prefix spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs from a reader . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an unbuffered input stream to read the last committed value or null if no value has been 
adds a field node before the first method node in asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
set the thread s breakpoint asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
skillcaster is in the enmity state as it used skillname . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
successfully dropped a ball in the pipe . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
opens an xml event stream given an input stream and a namespace aware processing mode . asserts 
converts all of the characters in the string to upper case based on the portal instance s default 
for running the test from commandline spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
delete the entry in the datastore . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove tiers which had been deleted from array spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check a property . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
id of the user whose friend request will be approved or to whom a friend request will be 
reset the chaining variables asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add the supplied applicationinfo objects to the list and enqueue it into the list to broadcast when notify 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
call content provider method immediately . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a button listener . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write the document to the outputstream asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
finalizes the hashcode method asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new texthitinfo . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write the bytes to byte array . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a new compatible image from a url . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
mark the link as authenticated . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets dst src . dst . a spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
checks if perspective transforms are supported on this platform . spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
construct a sequencer with the selected wait strategy and buffer size . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts should only be instantiated by usbservice implementation spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a fake id for an operation on the given bucket spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
removes a component listener bound to a specific component asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method starts the upload image task . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
validates a rule name using the same logic as blaze spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs an instance . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates and persists a new storage unit entity . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
there are places where we add the local bundle pool to act as an artifact cache . 
creates a new empty csv record . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an n x n index map enabling quick access to the circular buffer samples . spec 
doubles a group element and returns the result in the p coordinate system . spec spec asserts 
constructs a new async asserts entry . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add an name for an event type that represents org . w c . dom . node events 
builds a new bar chart instance . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes a single character . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set the current context node . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
replace feature type style . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
partition arr into arr lo . . i arr i arr i hi spec spec spec asserts 
changes the role of a user in this group . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this function will prevent calls to obj . tostring from generating a runtime exception . spec asserts 
throw a parse error if the next character does not match what is expected . spec spec 
returns the admin uid string argument with the provided description . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
performs the update of the weight vector asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an instance of this class . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prints the composite message and the embedded stack trace to the specified print writer pw . asserts 
stops the progress logger . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
update the last loaded label and the stats . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
execute the match pattern step relative to another step . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a radio button menu item whose properties are taken from the action supplied . spec spec 
delete an alias for an application asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
frees all sockets that we are currently using . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
filter an end document event . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
restores state managers for the provided collection of state managers . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests whether the user is using linux . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
blacklists method names . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
finds a store by entity class throwing an exception if not found . spec spec spec asserts 
construct demographic model with default settings asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this is an instance of sagetvclient or a remote client connected via sagetvclient and there 
creates a compound border with null outside and inside borders . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
solves the linear equation a x b . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the set of model values is symmetrical spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a nosuchmethodexception without a detail message . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
set clock this is required mainly for testing or when we will have full java support . 
initiates a search for an anchored match to a pattern within the given bounds . spec asserts 
adds a new database configuration to the database manager . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method is a complete hack but is necessary to achieve the desired behaviour when using an autocompleting 
converts an internal operand tree into an api operand tree . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compute the string value . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a emailaddress security check userlogin partyid must equal partyid or must have partymgr create permission spec 
writes a class file . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates a get field or set field instruction . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
draws an triangle point at bottom . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reconstructs object on unmarshalling . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
merges the data of another histogram asserts with this histogram data . spec spec spec spec asserts 
parses the specified character sequence from the specified position as a signed byte in the specified radix . 
create an empty profile list . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an immutable cell with the specified row key column key and value . spec spec spec 
save the identity to a password protected keystore . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
this is reimplemented to do nothing since the paragraph fills in the row with its needed children . 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found . spec spec asserts 
returns true if asserts is considered stable non experimental asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
appends a lowercase string representation of the contents of the given byte array to the provided buffer . 
returns a string representation of this complex number . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the value of the asserts attribute under the global theme widget . spec spec spec spec 
distribute a value across a sequence of tiles . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method is called before xtn status change in order to set the entries for f g scans . 
handles back request . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
rearranges the elements of the specified subarray in uniformly random order . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this message is a response message asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the inverse fft of the specified complex array . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the specified horizontal coordinate in user units . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the indicator as to whether this uri uses the generic uri syntax . spec spec asserts 
creates new form asserts spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to grow the reference array . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs a new subtree crossover instance . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the short alg piece representing asserts . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
your proxy petition request for has failed . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
override object equals object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
makes an alternator object that alternates between four values . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return an iterator that can be used to traverse the records of the file . spec spec 
returns the raw host from the protocol . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method is called by the operator for the class charsequence . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates one or two utf characters to represent the given ucs character . spec spec spec spec 
create an inputfile object based on a file object to be sent within a spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a asserts with the changed resource names and then invokes all the registered spec to notify about 
initialize from an array of layers . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
encrypts or decrypts data in a single part operation or finishes a multiple part operation . asserts 
creates underlying database table using daos . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
verify that the stdout and stderr contents of output buffer contains the string spec spec spec asserts 
constructs the binh problem . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
starts the command line utility for merging the approximation sets in one or more result files across the 
create a new instance of the test suite spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
adds the break info to the top of the stacks . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create frame for id key only textual data supported at the moment should only be used with frames 
remove the specified url pattern from those that are part of this web resource collection . spec 
creates a new instance . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
flushes the stream . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
configure the delta parameter . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new hashset . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
isempty is true before add false after asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this will generate a bitmap with the pattern as big as the rectangle we were allow to draw 
utility method to return the minimum of two long values either of which may be null . 
parses a char array into an int . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
delete a user account from the persistence asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
on key up . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
rounds asserts values uses a scale of and half up rounding . spec spec spec spec spec 
construct the vm folder path . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a sorted version of m . keyset . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when the ddm server disconnects . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
verify signer string identityscope creates instance asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the number of checkpoints that were loaded . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
checks if the fifo grouping poll bit was set for this modifier . spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new jarentry with fields taken from the specified jarentry object . spec spec spec asserts 
writes a graphic showing the number of departures arrivals and vehicles en route of all legs trips with 
reset the current request and clear all fields . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines if the user identified by ssotoken is a member of this subject . spec spec asserts 
return the primary component of a collation element . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
android activity class methods asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
formats the caller s provided message and prepends useful info like calling thread id and method name . 
returns whether the status is an error i . e . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
type cast to an address . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
log a method return . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds additional constraints on possible children components . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the port is up i . e . it s neither spec down nor link 
remove small keys to keep the hash size under asserts . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new framebodytsot datatype . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
encode all the axis to a short system that can be read by asserts . spec asserts 
handles the dimmer change asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
takes each coefficient modulo such that all coefficients are ternary . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new parser that will use the supplied valuefactory to create rdf model objects . asserts 
checks for the right version of the library . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the rotate stream corresponding to this path asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if the queue is empty . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
internal a combination of asserts and asserts . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns if a value of the list contains given value case sensitive asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes all this collection s elements that are also contained in the specified collection spec spec asserts 
syncs all the movies on selected xbmc to the local database spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a new font and loads up the data about each character from the font file . 
assigns a valid value to the asserts instance variable . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an intersection class that will use the provided matchfilter class and the provided matchcollector . asserts 
gets the http basic authorization header value for the supplied username and password . asserts spec asserts 
removes all the filter join leaf nodes that were converted . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sends the notice to everyone in the world . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clear the status area . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
alters either target by qualifying a name or source by explicitly importing the name . spec asserts 
returns the trigger time of a delayed action . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
save the image locally only for temporary purpose this function needs to be default or need to be 
skip until the given string is matched in the stream but ignoring chars initially escaped by a . 
returns the serializer buffer allocator . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
save the minimal set of data necessary to recreate the search spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
performs a deep copy on other . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize the view in the layout asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
configures the current converter . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
start a source file for a new implementation class . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
runs all test cases in this test suite asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes buffers from the pool until it is under its size limit . spec spec spec spec 
creates and returns a stream of the words in the given text . spec spec spec spec 
find the fields constant that matches fieldid throwing an exception if it is not found . asserts 
creates a new collector with optional support for implicit super types . spec spec spec spec asserts 
shows an error message . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return a named resourcebundle for a particular locale . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
configure the socket connection to be either pooled or closed when it is either exhausted or closed . 
this method is called when a patch operation is performed for the current service instance . spec 
creates a session bound to the specified connection pool . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get an enumeration of the keys of the jsonobject . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
this method is used to make a combo box asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check whether to asserts the group base distinguished name during token nested group resolution . spec asserts 
converts a byte array to hex string asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
whether a type has already asserts asserts processed . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize the asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
assert that a path exists but make no assertions as to the type of that entry asserts 
create ignite configuration with configured checkpoints . spec asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
overridden by q command asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a subfield with a definition and the bytes containing the information for the value . asserts 
load the config parameters from the command line asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
timed poll with zero timeout succeeds when non empty else times out spec spec spec spec asserts 
formats a date to a cfml date format short asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates the session s mid attribute and forwards to the selected marketplace asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the image . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parses comma separated roles groups into array of groups strings . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the start of a content model . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the internal session from the internal session table . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
flushing this writer has no effect . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
overridable method that can filter out properties . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculates crc from a char buffer spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads instance values from streams . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a slightly different edit method where the editableomgraphic is put directly into edit mode and the mouse events 
add a constraint statement to this statement . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
evaluates expression to string asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
does the put of one entry for a putall operation . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
copier designed to copy to a dest offset and for length bytes . spec spec spec asserts 
this method was generated by mybatis generator . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the main method . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
you have failed to enchant and the stigma has been destroyed . spec spec spec spec spec 
extends a vmfs datastore . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new objectfactory that can be used to create new instances of schema derived classes for package 
creates a new empty jsonobject . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
rotate vector counter clockwise in z y by an angle expressed as sin and cos . asserts 
a new instance is immediately visible to the readers due to publication safety . asserts spec asserts 
consumes the current token iff it s one of the expected types . spec spec spec asserts 
interpolates the value at the given coordinate x y . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates the specified flavor . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
computes a float from mantissa and exponent . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
updates an existing attribute for the business object data with subpartition values . spec spec spec spec 
sends an account request to the server asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
construct shipment complete transition handler . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
cancels given runnable . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
append a long as an eight byte number . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the head coefficient of a polynomial . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create asserts with bundle data in asserts by fetching it from spec spec spec spec spec spec 
close connection from a particular client asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
collects the rp statistics for the given protectionsystem . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
responds to the beginning of a scaling gesture . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add the pad bytes to the passed in block returning the number of bytes added . asserts 
logs are stop message asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
add descriptive details about a specific message box so that if it needs to be reset in the 
inserts a directory or a jar or zip file at the head of the search path . 
document is not approved asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the material can be harvested without a tool or with the wrong tool spec 
this method scales image down for given value related given coords x y . spec spec asserts 
initialize this node test by setting the whattoshow property and calculating the score that this test will return 
returns a representation of the selector . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether the given array is rectangular that is whether all rows have the same number of columns 
set a set of string values in the preferences editor to be written back with auto commit . 
executes the request . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asynchttpclient . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
paints the border of a text area . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
build a list of entity specific actions . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
writes a boolean to the underlying output stream as a single byte . spec spec spec asserts 
asserts quotedchar asserts quotedchar quotedchar translation error asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
run a script identified by name with a single argument . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
distributedlog configuration used for the namespace . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
agent value null indicates a user initiated action . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct an esripolylinelist with an initial capacity . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new vector using the default capacity . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
schedules a local notification that will occur after the given time elapsed . spec spec spec asserts 
starts the output of a set of data . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns the euclidean distance between this point and that point . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a asserts from existing rewrite events . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
called when the activity is first created . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a container for a given configuration . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
action editor stop editor asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
unlinks cancelled waiter nodes from condition queue . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
removes the sub class from the type . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 
removes a property from the wallet info . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
obtiene si el usuario conectado puede modificar el grupo indicado . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method to call to start the timer . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
merge the given asserts into the given asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
frees allocated resources . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
read the page from the disk . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
send the service response to the wifip asserts . channel . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks high level asserts code . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a dataformatexception with the specified detail message . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reply notification method to implement asserts interface asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if field clusterjoinrequest is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise spec asserts 
rearranges the elements of the specified subarray in uniformly random order . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
saves the http redirect managenameid service . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true is the population contains no individuals . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
squares the contents of the int array x . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
make a printable string of this jsontokener . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
visits a type instruction . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
verifies that type is a valid address attribute type . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
classifies a given instance . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether the graphic will be a polygon instead of a polyline . spec spec spec spec 
the event representation . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
pops n elements off the end of the list and decreasing the size by n . spec 
called after a release . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
searches all ui elements in the current menu until it finds one that has a variable with the 
returns true if asserts is less than asserts and coordinate asserts is not present in ivy ignore conflicts 
create a dateintervaltrigger that will occur at the given time fire the identified job and repeat at the 
should be used in a static context only . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
remove the specified context attribute . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set the vector where nodes will be cached . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
apply a rotation to this that rotates the fromdir vector to point along todir . spec asserts 
efficient check for whether a token is anonymous by performing instance comparison with the singleton . asserts 
selects asserts type split for the given dataset . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculate speed of bytes processing . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the name of this table as it is referred to by cassandra itself . spec asserts 
creates a string representation of an assertion and its recorded values . spec spec spec spec spec 
filter elements by class and name asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
reads data into an array of bytes . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is this operand related to the carried iterator of this loop ? asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
read a utf encoded string from in asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add change log menu item spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
executes the test and verifies the output received by the sinks . spec spec spec spec spec 
load the config properties from property file asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a new string that is a substring of this string . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns timedescription object with the specified properties . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
selects output line file by written doc . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new framebodytcon datatype . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invokes the ldif import session finalization of ldif import plugins that have been configured in the directory server 
returns a query response builder for an existing request . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a asserts crl extension . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
store current system time as the last used asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
execute method on grid . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
by default sorting is enabled and removal is disabled . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the receiver s elements to be the specified array not a copy of it . spec 
closes the object connection stream etc . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds an element to the element . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
notifies of the presence of a textdecl line in an entity . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the compute element with the passed id from the database . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called from the main game loop to update the screen . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the sax characters method does nothing . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a new instance . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the discarded flag . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the index into asserts of the column with the specified name asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the odds that a certain number or above will be rolled on d . spec asserts 
read float represented as four bytes . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
process notification to transaction coordinator and complete request asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
determine whether or not given typequalifiervalue has multiple variants . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
finds last index of a substring in the given source string with ignored case . spec spec 
locates a given field anywhere in the class inheritance hierarchy . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize instance variables with data from bundle asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
overrides asserts s dopost method to perform the security check on the caller . spec spec asserts 
import a service from spring by looking it up in the applicationcontext . spec spec spec asserts 
checks to see if anything has changed and then offers to save if true . spec asserts 
initialize the values in the table to the preference values spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an algorithm exception originating from the specified algorithm with the given message and cause . asserts 
asserts remote service . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates a long that is unique over time with respect to the host that it was generated on 
unregisters the listener from receiving sample buffers asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
enforces the supplied constraints into the triangulation . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
run the default getting started scenario . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the squared length of this vector . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
decode from url . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes a data source from the plot . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the serialization for layouts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
utility function to wait for a mac application to quit . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads a single bit . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the last entry from the collection asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
to classes from objects . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
does this method have no incoming edge ? asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
change positions of icons in the desktop pane so that they do not overlap spec spec asserts 
splits an aggregated varname eg sum asserts into the aggregation type and aggregated var spec spec asserts 
return the filter definition for the specified filter name if any otherwise return null . spec asserts 
creates a new scaled vector with a default scale of . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
multiplies the color with the given alpha . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
opens the file at the specified path and reads the entire contents of it and returns it as 
returns an iterator for the outlier lists . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
allocates the id for an entity . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new request . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether it has the the match type for the path expression . spec spec spec spec 
metodo que configura los recursos jndir a traves del fichero de spring jndi . xml que debe econtrarse 
gets the a value indicating whether or not the timer is currently executing . spec spec asserts 
resets variables maintaining the sum to zero . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when a button is pressed . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
retrieves one arbitrary global marketplace for testing purposes . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
retrieves all recipients in an email list . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
copy a file to another one asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the distribution to be used to generate the out degrees of vertices . spec spec asserts 
create an instance of signaturemethodtypehmacoutputlength asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an empty object asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
tests if value is numeric asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an iterator that can be reused . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
merge another intersection with this one . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the given pubkey is canonical i . e . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
frees allocated resources . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
return a new array with the values of this matrix in order asserts spec spec spec asserts 
wait for a particular event to be applied on the slave . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test that bogus arguments result in exception asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
pushes the specified amount of characters back into the input stream . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculates the angle between two entries points in the chart spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tells whether the node is a leaf or not . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if contact points should be rendered . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a shared secret error response . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the main routine for testing asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a note to the registry asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
check that a field defined as an array . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
modify the internal buffer so that all the bytes are shifted towards the head by i . 
closes the output stream . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find the fields constant that matches fieldid throwing an exception if it is not found . asserts 
internal method that capitalizes the first character of a string spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates asserts by retrieving account locking specific attribute values from spec . spec spec spec spec spec 
returns the hash code which corresponds to the string for this tag . spec spec spec spec 
this method throws a canonicalizationexception if the supplied document is not able to be traversed using a treewalker 
returns whether it has the count . spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test for getcollection method spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handles http requests checks that a request is a http get and that url path is the expected 
returns whether to allow the determineoutputformat instances method access to the full dataset rather than just the header 
creates a reference from a complete sha string without any validation that it exists . spec asserts 
shows a view in a new window . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
inserts element after referenced one spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a callback which is pluggable to an observable asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find all n grams containing these tokens in order but optionally with words between them . asserts 
paints the background of the currently selected item . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates the min and max elevations for this elevation model to account for a specified tile . 
cancels any existing jobs that are copying the same file names as this one spec spec spec 
throws an appropriate http status code spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests out the property selector from the command line . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
salt the string . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string representation of this object asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a policy is eligible for upgrade if it does not contain any resource types . spec asserts 
adds a corner to the polygon of the the hole under construction . spec spec spec spec 
this method builds a patch state object which can be used to submit a self patch . 
create snapshot for vnx unity asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the current screen size with respect to rotation . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
elimina el formato de la lista . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is this a critical command that can only be executed when no other command is running ? 
creates new asserts execution log asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clears the map that keeps track of blank nodes that have been parsed . spec spec spec 
parses the given command and executes it spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
make sure there will be asserts space in buffer to write n bytes spec spec spec asserts 
checks the java classpath for rapidminer studio launcher or core jars . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ensures that an object reference passed as a parameter to the calling method is not null . 
prints the given int to the streams . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
logs the specified status asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates the legend options panel . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
send an error message back to client . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns dividend divisor where the dividend and divisor are treated as unsigned bit quantities . spec asserts 
instantiates a new main presenter . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the model is triggered by the updated variables . spec spec spec spec spec 
creates the panel with the supplied initial experiment . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an input stream without freeing the results asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resume suspended jvm . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
java . lang . reflect . array asserts java . lang . object int spec spec asserts 
override this method to get notifications about focus . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
perform actions after build is finished . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
slop is the total number of positional moves allowed to line up a phrase spec spec asserts 
inflates the operations ops option menu . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a hash code for this collationkey . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the number of bits up to and including the highest bit set . spec spec spec 
returns true if there were errors while reading tokens asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests this object for equality with an arbitrary object . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new privatekeyencryptedexception with the specified cause throwable . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
try to acquire a lock and wait until acquired . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test for getinstance string algorithm provider provider method assertion returns keypairgenerator object spec spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a asserts object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether a header rest of a command line is empty and report error if not . 
creates a drawing with input and output formats so that drawing figures can be copied and pasted between 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
processes this message . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
verify calling the precision method should not change the computed result . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create xml files for each package using toplevel . xml and asdoc config . xml spec spec 
create download request . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calc minimum and maximum y value over all datasets asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts collection of strings to one string using delimiter . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compare the contents of two readers to determine if they are equal or not ignoring eol characters . 
report a usage error . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
unsupported by this endpoint . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
show if encrypted file can be viewed if false a password needs entering spec spec spec asserts 
method for directly inserting specified byte in output at current position . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clear the table columns from both the model and renderer spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
centers the graph on a single node . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
dump out a der object as a formatted string asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if two values are equal and if not throw an exception . spec spec spec asserts 
transform the inner into a block if it s possible spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns the distance from this int d to the specified point spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
releases a log connection . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
execute the function . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
serializes a simple property . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
limpia el flag de estado del nodo asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new gap clusterer using k means as the base clustering algorithm spec spec spec asserts 
tell whether or not the asserts or asserts part of this uri is net path . asserts 
installs the ui . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether a specific result set concurrency is supported . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
to double asserts convert something like . . to . . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
you are not supposed to instantiate this class . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes boolean true if this certificate has a diff string false otherwise followed by writeutf of string if 
setting up settings variables paint settings etc and pre load images asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
merge this constrain set with another while also asserts and checking asserts . spec spec spec asserts 
returns if the values should be displayed as text . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new thread object . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
obtains an instance of months that may be cached . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
synchronous internal call for common code spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new ab level view . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reset the stream . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
searches for the first occurrence of the given argument testing for equality using the equals method . 
removes all soft wraps registered at the current storage . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the maximum x ordinate . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct ourselves without an id asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new application passivation thread that output errors to a logger . spec spec spec asserts 
called after a cache miss to compute a value for the corresponding key . spec spec asserts 
add an entry to the local trust store . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a spannotquery matching spans from include which have no overlap with spans from exclude within pre tokens 
checks if there are more objects to read . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
should call this method after asserts s data are changed . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
support for java . sql . jdbctype java . sql . sqltype . spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the properties map . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
simulates a short press on the enter key . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create the right xobject based on the type of the object passed . spec spec spec asserts 
returns a new instance of spec . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
notification that the mouse is not over an omgraphic but over the map at some location . 
tests the functionality of the ipv address method which expects a context and a resource id as parameters 
checks that a valid json file is parsed without errors . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts that two longs are equal concerning a delta . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test delete in case both local and remote file systems have the same folder structure . spec 
close the cacheclientproxy of the client on the server and verify that ha stats are closed and the 
returns true if a dialog is visible on top of the spec . spec spec spec spec 
move the decimal point to the right when the scale overflows spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
divides a string into chunks . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
loads a double from the memory location pointed to by the current instance . spec spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates xml in the external config format . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the dom listeners for this text bridge . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
makes this class non instantiable but still let s others inherit from it . spec spec asserts 
this method was generated by mybatis generator . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new cipher instance . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
queries services in the available stage using a simple exact or prefix match on the supplied self link 
reads gif image from stream asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
evaluate a groovy condition or expression asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new job . builder configured with the current driver s validation settings . spec asserts 
create the associated data in the session if any . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the index of the last occurrence of the specified element . spec spec spec spec asserts 
returns next key marker . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the list of exceptions that the expression may throw . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
simple edges bidirectional equality based analysis between variable nodes . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads the header part of the current encapsulation . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a second test subequipment of the created equipment . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns error message . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reorders the cards in place using insertion sort . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
create a new client asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
creates a new documentfragment object . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
formats the caller s provided message and prepends useful info like calling thread id and method name . 
method to decrypt the data asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
deletes the string wherever it occurs in the builder . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
closes this doc values producer . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the representing character of a primitive type . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
prepare the request context for a post method . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a listener that is responsible for updating the display when focus is lost gained . spec 
load data from height map file into a raster converting data to float . spec spec asserts 
gets the comparator of the priority queue . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return story saved type asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
asynchronous tasks should never access any api in bukkit . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
free up memory consumed by the set of instances not covered by this rule . spec spec 
override asserts to check entries asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
cannot be used for modification . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
run raptor in its own thread that will be paused and unpaused as the search progresses asserts 
returns true if the entry identified by the given alias is a trusted certificate entry and false otherwise 
post multiplies the current matrix by a given parameter asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
returns the asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
save changes in the keystore asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
initializes the gui of the tag . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
add annotation to element asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs the viennet problem . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invoked from asserts when inflated . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when a compiled tests is to be opened . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
wrap outgoing bytes using the wrap method of the asserts object instance . spec spec spec asserts 
closes the current session as well as clearing the token cache . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the number of children in this layer group asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check local node hardware i . e . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
return internal representation of given name converting to . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
todo asserts definition . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
helper method for overscrolling that encapsulates all of the necessary function . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
starts a scheduled scan and upload which had been scheduled to start at the given time . 
indicates whether any of the modules in the given idea project has the android gradle facet . 
returns the default value of this transform or null if there isn t one . spec spec 
clears the existing text labels on the y axis . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new keystoreloadexception . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
notifies this stuncandidateharvest that a specific request has either received an error response or has failed to receive 
redraw car with new x value asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
files are saved with . . . if there s one with the same name already . 
invokes the set of post operation extended plugins that have been configured in the directory server . 
put the specified conversation in the cache . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called to update the fog range and color asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
this is the main encoding method . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
stop playing sample tune spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
attempt to find the n end of line marker as defined in the comment of the readline method 
add a package import or perhaps an inner class scope . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
load the given unit . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
only used by asserts in asserts and asserts . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return a string representation of this notification descriptor . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new item object with given object name and asserts flag . spec spec spec asserts 
you nominated as the next legion brigade general . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
release the wakelock if it is held . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check whether string s is empty . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts may be changed this class will respond to changes on tuple asserts and asserts . asserts 
hides all jframes registered with the console . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test creating with a live cursor spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clears this exifinterface object s existing exif tags . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new action object . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check whether thin pool matches with the pool capacity requirement or not . spec spec spec asserts 
persists preferences calls to get return the last flushed value not the last put value . asserts 
run diagnostic tests . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
javascript escaped the given string . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handle a prefix uri mapping which is associated with a startelement that is soon to follow . 
recursive tracking of weak points . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the number of foos where uuid and companyid . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
saves to a file synchronously asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prepares test data if needed in order to get an consistent status for each test . spec 
binds a name to an object . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
adds a mouse listener . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
pick the top social proofs for each rhs node asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test de autenticacion de sun directory server con contrasenia vacia spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return true if the debug level is set same method as spec but better name spec asserts 
constructs a methoddescriptor from a method providing descriptive information for each of the method s parameters . 
initialize the view of the listener asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
translates the specified byte array into base string . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize script builder for evaluation . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a malformeduriexception with the specified detail message . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is this badge currently visible in the ui ? asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
print name value pairs for the given list of monitors . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds an element to the element . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize an envelope to a region defined by two coordinates . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a human readable representation of the given descriptor . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
creates a new matrix of vecs from the given list of vec objects . spec spec spec 
generates a flattened list of dependency relations containing label src idx tar idx tuples separated by the whitespace 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates new worker . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets an estimate of the x position of the pointer at the specified time point . asserts 
re sets the path when renaming tv show season folder . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a non null path ending in . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
logs sql into error log stream . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a asserts exception wrapped around a root cause . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs all embedding vectors of k time points for the data including all multivariate values at each time 
updates the upper plot with the given input data . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an initialized dateformat object . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a asserts instance . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new sorted list model . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether the body is in old workspace config format . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if the specified font is a small counterpart of this font . spec spec spec asserts 
validate table for table record asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new exception with given error message and optional nested cause exception . spec spec asserts 
lock the camera so the current application can use it be sure to unlock spec spec asserts 
constructs a new asserts with a given set of coefficients . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns the number of changes to this node . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
evaluate this operation directly to a double . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns a hash code for this object . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return a escaped string asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the quaternion to an identity quaternion of . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the current value of an attribute s specified flag . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create the asserts and listen to changes for the item this table row represents . spec asserts 
validates a dns name for format asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
initiate fetching the user accounts data images and the full name . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates a column in the current or insert row . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the specification always deleting project content files . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create new connection from given url and properties spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if asserts has the bold bit set . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
renderer for a given url and a specified width height is calculated automatically . spec spec asserts 
zips the given resourcenode . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
request the subscription from a given jid asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
used for creating the shapes of a polyline trace for this tree . spec spec spec asserts 
if ble is asserts return true if not return false . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
fix for bug we are updating the asserts so that new spec are generated starting from the latest 
drag the circle view . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
creates the user device profile manager instance . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string representation for this mirror type . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resets explicit password so that map will be used for lookups spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs a new exception with the specified detail message and bean for jax ws exception serialization . 
replace the old child with a new child . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
test for getinstance string algorithm provider provider method assertion throws nullpointerexception when algorithm is null throws nosuchalgorithmexception when 
checks if the current failure rate is above or below the threshold . spec spec spec asserts 
remove an object . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find factory from class name . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
construct a compiler instance . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
start scrolling by providing a starting point and the distance to travel . spec spec spec asserts 
returns the values of each attribute as an array of doubles . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates a dup x instruction . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if content provider using the content scheme returns a file with mime type application pdf but file 
returns a boolean value indicating whether to retain stale snapshots on disk . spec spec spec asserts 
returns a hash code for the object . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
puts a value with the given key in the passed map provided that the passed key isn t 
check that the specified column is within bounds . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
perform an asynchronous min operation asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
experimental alternative implementation of play which reads the sound data and plays it with own methods . 
returns a string of spaced hex bytes in big endian order . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
encodes the number as a json string . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return true is the character index is represented by glyphs in this layout . spec spec spec 
assert that both vectors are equal with respect to the given delta . spec spec spec asserts 
creates a success status object . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clears this object recycling the underlying node if owned . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
critical implementation detail . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
post comment to commit asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
shows the dialog . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new recurrence rule property . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the value of the inclusive property . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
create a deep copy of the ast subtree at this node . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes an object from this relation . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
to bitmap bitmap . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
load an undo log record row using a buffer . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a security group to another in the tenant s system domain . spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if field trace id is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise asserts 
create a compute virtual pool asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an invalid access err exception . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove a data callback . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts the passed project to a dto . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
build a post request object asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates that a tab should change when the focus changes without the user physically pressing a button 
creates the default cmu lexicon which is a binary lexicon spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the robot is setup and ready to go . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks and updates status for a node that failed to acquire . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
general case for arbitrary weights w asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
lexically compares o and o as double arrays . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
calculates the scalar product of p this . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the text matched by the current regular expression . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a specialinvokeexpr local base sootmethodref method list of expr grammar chunk . spec spec spec asserts 
an object has been marked asserts as live . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the encoder asserts for a capturedevice . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ensures the truth of an expression involving the state of the calling instance but not involving any parameters 
fires a open event on all registered handlers in the handler manager . if no such handlers exist 
returns the index of the next value in the data structure or a negative value if the iterator 
convert the integer to an unsigned number . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sld data updated . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a dialog that filters for files with the specified extensions . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
configure a zone . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
select a list of peers according to special needs . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates status of index column up down buttons . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
finds a method that has the given name and descriptor and is declared in the super class . 
produce a string from a double . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a bounding tile shape around this circle so that the length of the line segments of the 
registers the given class for serialization . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compares strings . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
invokes the underlying step handler for the current normalized step . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove the specified application listener class from the set of listeners for this application . spec asserts 
gets info if node is expanded . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a temporary file in the specified location . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
read all bytes from the stream into a byte array . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates a particle position asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes p via from the rule . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reset the delta token for the currently in view item spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of the password policy request control with the provided information . spec asserts 
renders the placemark geometry represented by this asserts . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test two bitsets for equality asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found . spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new object state . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
load exp frac a . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
check wether the import was asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
swap top bottom or left right if there are flipped i . e . spec spec spec 
constructs a regiondestroyedexception with a message and a cause . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove a new clause . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct order event . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an integer hash code for the receiver . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
moves this segment to the left by a specific offset spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the line number of the first line of the function . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
loops through this layer panel s layer checkbox list and updates the checkbox font to indicate whether the 
returns true if the device state is alternated asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a new net mit the input name to the net list . spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs a new date time exception with the specified message and cause . spec spec spec asserts 
creates events for entities and spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handle one of the default entities return false if it is not a default entity . spec 
compute a list of patches to turn text into text . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create the button shadow shape . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test that spec thrown by spec can correctly encapsulate http status codes even when not on the list 
finishes transition immediately . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
creates a abstractquerybuilder instance that can be used to build api request with various parameters spec asserts 
closes all live connections . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether the given character is a high surrogate asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
multiply a matrix by a scalar c s a asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initial the preferences manager . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
overridable factory method that actually instantiates desired parser . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests the join methods on string asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remaps the indexes starting at start and going to end . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a permission to this unresolvedpermissioncollection . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
parses the input stream and stores its trie content into a index and data array spec asserts 
write lowest bits of integers from an array . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
obtains new asserts and stores response in passed file asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes the content type of the message to the given stream . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
builds the swagger asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new cudaextent with all zero sizes spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
retrieve an iproxy from the model by name . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
closes the cache and deletes all of its stored values . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
does nothing output to dev null . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
mailet initialization routine . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method that will find all sub classes and implemented interfaces of a given class or interface . 
insert a given string into another string at the point at which the given matcher matches making sure 
build a set of comparable spans from the text using regex . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
blocks until the user selects an end of turn action spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add an exceptional successor . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ignore wrong static ness ignores errors due to wrong asserts . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
atomically write a raw reference field of an object or array and return the old value of the 
constructs a level set configuration with specified parameters . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
we override this method to provide asserts with the top level preference headers . spec spec asserts 
invalidates this session only works pre serialization asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get an iterator over the rows of this table sorted by the given data field . spec 
returns a copy of the given byte array with the bytes of each double word bytes reversed . 
assert that all logged events have been asserted asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return a string based version of the passed yieldpoint operator spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
start collecting statistics . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new distributionlocator for this system and registers an mbean for managing it . spec asserts 
create a provider based on registered auto binders . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialise the padder . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
appends an object to the builder padding on the left to a fixed width . spec asserts 
handles the touch input if the mode is set to rotate spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the element with the specified key from this texture atlas freeing the space it occupied to be 
doesn t do anything . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
closes all writers . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new slidingactivityhelper . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns int from given array of shorts . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
execute the function . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ctor for comment with indentation . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
to be called when explanation is presented to the user spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return true if computer player is consuming cpu time . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new asserts for the given exception on the given stmt range with the given stmt handler 
adds a arity match method . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests out of are failing asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests joining a server after many entries have been committed . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
construct a streamsource from a character reader . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates user undeclared exception with given task execution id error message and optional nested exception . asserts 
returns the number of key value mappings in this map . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
emit the code to push a double value contained in reg onto the expression stack spec asserts 
computes the server evidence message m according to the standard routine m h a m s asserts 
gets whether or not to append static fields . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compute frequency value with given station asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates the panel where the description text field is located . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
create a new person with the given name trust policy and as a part of the given simulation 
bin this vector to corresponding buckets . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
polygon needs same number of latitudes as longitudes spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
log a fatalerror priority event . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates whether this attributeschema has choice values configured . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
update static data from xml file asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
encrypt a block of bytes from in putting the plaintext result into out . spec spec asserts 
resets this world returning the ant to its starting position and resetting the state of all cells to 
retrieves the full set of infos about the migrations resolved on the classpath . spec spec asserts 
performs the initialization of the views and any other general setup spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance of the specified java content interface . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determine structure to use for storing closed set . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cleanup the whole junit scenario deletes the created git repository . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
join with another vset . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resumes engine work . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
replaces a substring from and to are included . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new atomicreferencearray with the same length as and all elements copied from the given array . 
creates organization within openam asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clones v object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create dto object of github repositories without repositories asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
create a client with regions sharing a common writer asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an instance of the diskbasedcache at the specified directory . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
the list of operations . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method is ignored if the listener is not in the list of known listeners . spec 
grants usage for the marketplace to the specified orgs . spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
handle close of editor window . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove all listeners from the chain . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parameter returned when the photo is uploaded to the server . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add observations for the given var var cond tuples of the variables to our estimates of the pdfs 
set the callback to be informed of the snackbar being dismissed due to a timeout . spec 
parses the file at the given location with the given encoding . spec spec spec spec spec 
initialize the document builder factory so that it can be reused and does not need to be reinitialized 
converts a javassist . bytecode . accessflag into a javassist . modifier . spec spec spec spec 
creates a new divider . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
query if the signalmast logic to the destination signal mast is active . spec spec spec asserts 
compare for equality of hosts . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
build the suggestion list based on the suggestion value asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new action object . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if field corresponding to fieldid is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise 
returns true if the bytecode is a local store asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes a new instance of this class . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
stops this server . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets size of a memory allocated for the entries of the given space . spec spec asserts 
constructs a control to sort on a list of sort keys . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test whether this filter matches the given intent . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if this rule is domain sensitive or not asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes owner privileges to a user on a channel . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
simple method to build and authenticationinfo instance from an api key . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates a sample of a normal distribution . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
converts the specified float into its hexadecimal string representation . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
delegates to the enclosed generalpath . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove all comments except copy right header comments beginning with ! spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
simple composition of a string . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests that internal state of the object can not be modified by modifying initial array value asserts 
determines whether the tag has no fields specified . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if debug error is enabled . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
drainto null n throws npe spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a horizontal separator for the given parent . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new factory . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
closes the camera driver if still in use . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prints this xmlsignatureexception its backtrace and the cause s backtrace to the specified print writer . asserts 
checks sensor reference of text . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
performs a final health check on the member . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a new module to the container this will throw an error if the container is frozen and 
returns the encoded media type like text plain charset utf appropriate for use in a content type header 
send a verbose log message and log the exception . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a dialog window as described here asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
implements the node string method and optionally notifies listeners . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return true if this value is an xml path . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
appends the sorted lifecycle methods to the start of the class . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
thrown if conversion type is wrong . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
notify all instance listeners that a new instance is available spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a complete graph . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
on key up . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the element at the head of the queue and returns it . spec spec spec spec 
returns true if node p is parent of node c . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
max container size . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true when the current page is not the last one . spec spec spec spec spec 
delete all the selected nodes asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
stores the path of selected form and finishes . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
encode the list in semicolon separated form . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
close asserts quietly . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
performs the actual logging . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clears the buffer note binds the fbo asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
remember that an attribute was set on this node . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a set of utm coordinates from a pair of latitude and longitude for a wgs globe . 
read bytes fully into a byte buffer . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests session close events . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
encode a value with double metaphone asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a few threads execute select operation in the same time for one table in the database . 
transfomiert eine asserts operator operation . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method is called when the screen is closed to save the screen settings to the database . 
put a value in the jsonarray where the value will be a jsonobject which is produced from a 
reads a sequence of bytes from a channel into a newly allocated buffer starting at the given file 
creates an instance which is initialized by reading a body message from the provided stream . spec 
convert cymk color to rgb color . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create the instance . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when the activity is becoming visible to the user . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method is not supported for this reader . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
frees allocated resources . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
get the value of the subfield as a float . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the era property . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
performs the application with no options set asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create standard response header with optional cookie and print document . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates a column in the current or insert row . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new state object after the mouse middle button has been pressed . spec spec spec 
allows a asserts to update the mouse cursor asserts asserts spec asserts asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
is the source file known ? asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a modification to the list of modifications that have been performed . spec spec spec spec 
redirect to modify vanilla height check . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
resolve the default external handler of an intent . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
fire a table event to notify listeners . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
lists the child managed objects associated with the specified instantiable relation . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
perform a http post request and track the android context which initiated the request . spec asserts 
creates a new asserts object . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert data in arrays from csv reader to map the current input format for graql templating . 
internal method for performing frame tasks . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts based on the newly supplied contenttype and contentsubtype values . spec spec asserts 
removes a row from the table . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new suffix file filter for a list of suffixes specifying case sensitivity . spec asserts 
returns the next subset if it is available asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
loads the edges of the call graph . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates tab icon for the specified file . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to update containers at the rate specified by the poll rate in the config file asserts 
create a new instance of the test suite spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
gets the asserts that matches a token . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
overridden for performance reasons . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
use the current projection to place the graphics on the screen . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
computes the length of a codec header . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a schedule item at a specific place sequence in the schedule allowable sequence numbers are to max 
normalizes a boolean value to its canonical representation . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
creates a new reference to a pool entry . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
rotate this vector by the given quaternion quat and store the result in this . spec asserts 
creates the underlying database table . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
draw an outline around the hex at point p no padding and a width of spec asserts 
constructs the asserts gram matrix for a given vector valued sample . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a node . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
programatically toggles whether there is a bookmark for the specified line . asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
add the asserts for a region as a part of asserts implying that their exists atleast one equi 
randomize fan in for all neurons in group . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add two numbers of the same length . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
create a new instance of burps own request response viewer imessageeditortab . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
visits the default value of this annotation interface method . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the global namespace to the hash . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return name generated or base name if this was ok spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
bind a circle considered to contain this vertex . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
remove a property change listener asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
report the facet opposite vertex . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
element by element multiplication in place a a . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
visits a non standard attribute of the class . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the attached share with the share name that has been passed by parameter . spec spec 
builds a new reference variable using a var name and a concrete asserts the concrete object can be 
executes procedure for each element in the set . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads the contents of a file line by line to a list of strings . spec asserts 
the fragment s ui is just a simple text view showing its instance number . spec asserts 
constructs a grammar pool with a default number of buckets . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
param a an integer asserts sorted array and duplicates are allowed param target an integer to be search 
the frequency below which terms will be ignored in the source doc . spec spec spec asserts 
tell whether the string contains a number . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get a filtered iterator over the row numbers of this table returning only the rows whose tuples match 
create the texture that will serve as our framebuffer . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
generates and initializes a collection of unrelated certificates from the provided input stream . spec spec asserts 
invoked when an action occurs . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a list iterator containing no elements . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
transforms the bezierpath . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
instantiates a mapper with default gson configurations . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns the asserts exponent of the asserts asserts filter primitive element . spec spec spec spec asserts 
this method is the exact reverse of asserts when completed it leaves the container in an invalid state 
adds a new output . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes a charsequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist using the default encoding 
conditional debug printing . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
backup a number of characters . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is tinting enabled for the system status bar ? asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get an array containing all data values for a given tuple iteration and field . spec asserts 
add a new server transaction to the set of existing transactions . spec spec spec spec spec 
instantiates a new vendor option text factory . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compares two floats to eachother . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clears all counters and vertex face buffers . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
map the structure fields to a class fields . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invoked when the fragment identifier ends . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new sum distributed task that delegates the actual execution to th provided task . spec 
bind uploading file view model asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
dump operating system command to log . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a schema registry with the given schema . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
enables strict mode . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
orders actions with respect to the number of potential win positions which spec from the action . 
constructs new instance of cm l auth login check packet spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of candleitem . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when the user is rejected . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
update phi instructions in the target block so that any phis that come from basic block b now 
returns whether the entry represents a warning or not . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
launch and explore the security capabilities from byte array . spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
fade the actionbar background to solid opacity asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether a type is the super of another type . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a abstractquerybuilder instance that can be used to build api request with various parameters spec asserts 
called to process generic motion events . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a jsweet transpiler with the default values . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
reset the ship group s asserts if it is after the parameter asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a branchgroupportrayal d with the given scene file loader without changing its appearance but transforming it . 
closes embedded db connection . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
queries whether the inputs to the compare engine were all identical modified original and if specified ancestor . 
creates a new decoder that decodes the specified uri encoded in the specified charset . spec asserts 
constructs the sessionindex object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
when root folder is not provided create the following structure inside user s root . spec asserts 
create a table that will be detroyed a the end of tests . spec spec spec asserts 
return a new asserts that is the sum of this direction plus the other one spec asserts 
connects to the mysql database executes show columns for a defined table and parses out allowed enum values 
if there is an asynchronous session restore in progress try to synchronously restore the state of a tab 
create a basic authentication http client with a fixed user and password . spec spec spec asserts 
devuelve true si el campo est ? asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new skeleton iterator instance . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
factory to create and initialize the cache . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
just creates the domain object doesn t persist asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
puts a double precision floating point value into the field at the specified row and column index . 
lists all virtual pools of specific tenant api call get block vpools spec spec spec spec spec 
c ir the minimum phase impulse response is evaluated from the minimum phase cepstrum spec spec asserts 
return true if the argument is a modeled method from the api . spec spec spec asserts 
checks if the image width is a multiple of and if it s not pads the image on 
make a simple set of instances with variable position of the class attribute which can later be modified 
skip bytes of input . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets whether the parent s environment variables should be inherited by the child process . spec asserts 
this method was generated by mybatis generator . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the uniform random number generated shared by all static methods . spec spec spec spec spec 
read an arraylist object from an xmlpullparser . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
description of the method spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a connector . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
build the list of rows to show asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an iterator over the instructions in this list . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
configure a standard gwt classpath container for facet . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
restore the selected widgets to their original location . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method is called when an active alert is ending . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add user defined objects spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tears down the fixture for example close a network connection . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
responds to the update button update to asserts table asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns a list that can be used in the asserts methods to list all the available id strings 
report the end of dtd declarations . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
enables derived classes to due some pre processing on the objects that s about to be serialized . 
notify the journal that a new transaction is being activated starting on the journal . spec asserts 
store the keystore changes . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
converts the location x y to the parents coordinate system returning the location . spec spec spec 
does a given url point to google book search regardless of domain . spec spec spec asserts 
get the class hierarchy for the given scene . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert byte to short asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method creates object of type asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find first component by predicate asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs a new asserts with no properties set . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tab contains always update field asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns whether whitespace spaces and tabs is visible . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a jsonobject from a subset of another jsonobject . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
this method checks a patch object for validity against a document state object . spec spec asserts 
the start of the document fragment . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new affinetransform from floating point values representing the specifiable entries of the x transformation matrix . 
looks for the expected zones and tents . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
rebuilds any caches associated with the bitmap that are used for drawing it . spec spec asserts 
removes specified domain from the list of permitted . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return true if this has an associated list object . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a buildagentupdate with the given flags initially set . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
inserts a new menu item with the specified text at a given position . spec spec spec 
returns the logarithm to base . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
it must be possible to call stop twice . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
writes a standard header string for the gap statistics file . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return an exact unboxer for the given primitive type . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes a listener that was being notified of changes in asserts status in the room such as the 
terminate the split brain controller asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the user s email associated with this address . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
start a timer to cycle through child views asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
subtract a value from this value . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return full string representation of vertex spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this animation scales in the view from to . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a new component to the list . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
serialize a sequence of java objects into a yaml stream . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if the if unmodified since condition is satisfied . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests the functionality of the validate method if it succeeds . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns the values of each attribute as an array of doubles . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sub the value to this math vector asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
return which port was reserved by asserts . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new exception with the specified detail message and message parameters . spec spec spec asserts 
updates the dynamicaccounts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests the functionality of the notempty method which expects a char sequence as a parameter . spec 
creates a asserts simulation with the given random number seed . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
adds the exit . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
close the connection quit . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads a vocabulary from file . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
mark is supported returns true . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tell if the current node is outside the document element . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
return the content model vector of the element s type . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
seeks to smallest term that s gt target . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method is called when a patch operation is performed for the current service instance . spec 
deregister the mbean for this asserts object . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
provides a mapping from the document model coordinate space to the coordinate space of the view mapped to 
creates an instance with the specified graph and default edge weights . spec spec spec spec spec 
creates toolbar buttons and adds them to the specified jtoolbar spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
equivalent to this . cross b . normalize . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
accumulates by multiple threads produce correct result spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
java . security . digestinputstream digestinputstream java . io . inputstream java . security . messagedigest asserts 
return the average area for cells at the given level . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
moves the element to the back . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a toomanylistenersexception with no detail message . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
pop a pdfobject off the stack . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invoked by display to restore the menu after transition asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts object . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
notify all asserts of a asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
wakes an idle thread from the spin loop . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
tests that loading a populated location tree does not result in a new sync . spec asserts 
displays a dialog with error message explaining that the location permission is missing . spec spec asserts 
converts a y co ordinate to a line index . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the stat asserts with asserts . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines if all of the states passed in are legal in light of the input that was passed 
updates the designated column with a float value . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a abstractquerybuilder instance that can be used to build api request with various parameters spec asserts 
method for computing m i asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
confirm that read only log preparation fails if the log does not exist . spec spec spec 
performs interpolation to the given value . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add security permission forbidding types matching one of the specified regular expressions . spec spec spec asserts 
on destroy this instance asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
return the points in this partial hull . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
end tag nop spec spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets randomparent randomchild to a random edge chosen uniformly . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
centers the range about the given value . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a guice injector for the class under test . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the language version this doclet supports . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a abstractquerybuilder instance that can be used to build api request with various parameters spec asserts 
a slightly modified border for jscrollpane to be used with a jtable inside a jtabbedpane . asserts 
returns a time period expression for the specified parts . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
log a message specifying source class and method with a single object parameter to the log message . 
execute the function . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
posts e mail messages to users . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates and returns a validator which allows to validate texts to ensure that they contain no whitespace . 
create a isc status with the given value . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
override asserts to stop blocks from being dropped into text fields . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
disables and clears any delivery expiration for a set of chat messages regardless if the delivery of them 
returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of class definition . spec spec asserts 
consume a value making sure the compiler doesn t optimize away the computation of this value even if 
creates a comment object from file spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
data provider for old and new attributes . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the size of this chain . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
read file from jar and export it to temporary file spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convenience method for encoding data to a file . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the easing mode . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tree model node change notification . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
show information about photos being hidden from the block above the wall . spec spec spec asserts 
returns the parameters used with this cipher . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this constructs an instance from a factory and a notifier . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the number of values that have been evicted . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
add and broadcast group chat invitation rejections . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
gets the size of the priority queue . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a blob output stream . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
make acknowledge . ind . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct demographic model with default settings asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
formats a status line . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
applies generally applicable optimizations path expressions are sorted from more to less specific . spec spec asserts 
create a jobdetail with the given name group and class and the default settings of all the other 
run the asserts application . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
performs all necessary setup steps for running requests against the api . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
take the input string and un camel case it . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the name of this audioplayer asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if the entry is still valid asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads an input stream and writes it to a byte array spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes all elements from this vector leaving the size zero and the capacity unchanged . spec asserts 
report an element type declaration . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new jsearchpanel . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
see readobject and writeobject in jcomponent for more information about serialization in swing . spec spec spec 
prepare a printable string of each output line . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method was generated by mybatis generator . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if the given instance is compatible with this dataset . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct service to manage categories asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the probability distribution function . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return true if there are any messages in use . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
close asserts which writes any remaining lines in the buffer closes all files and stops the thread . 
remove the object reference by key from the cache . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
update a server in list asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
helper method that places a weatherdata object into the database . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
formats an int as a byte unsigned hex value . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create new time series plot component . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialises the asserts using the specified video size . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
inserts the string representation of the boolean argument into this string buffer . spec spec spec asserts 
closes the current scope by appending any necessary whitespace and the given bracket . spec spec asserts 
edits an audio file on a user or community page . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
append a double in decimal notation to a specific number of decimal places . spec spec asserts 
scatter from hex according to dive asserts rules based on mof spec pg . spec spec asserts 
indicates if the fitness of the individual has improved with respected to parameter asserts spec spec spec 
creates a new sparsedoublearray containing no mappings that will not require any additional memory allocation to store the 
use the default visual representation asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes a track from this pool asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
performs a binary search of the instructions array . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
provide reflective behavior to construct instance of generator given an array of string arguments . spec spec 
parses a given partial query string and converts it into a spin structure inside a given model . 
constructs a new independence test which checks independence facts based on the correlation matrix implied by the given 
logs with debug level asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize various data for the grower . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
controls job history . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
remaps the indexes starting at start and going to the end of the list . spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the characteristic is the battery level characteristic . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
does the thread s current baggage have any values stored under the provided namespace key combination . 
creates a cache using the given table buffer source storage engine factory initial table size and concurrency . 
returns true if the node has no parent . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
open the panel view by animating it into view . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the user details can be optionally set and is automatically called while user saml assertion is validated . 
skilltarget is in the spinning state because skillcaster used skillname . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
test for rsaotherprimeinfo biginteger biginteger biginteger ctor assertion constructs rsaotherprimeinfo object using valid parameter spec spec asserts 
standard method call made to objects after they are deserialized . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new parameter stack from elements . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new jsfcomponent object . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
inserts any necessary separators and whitespace before a name . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
selected the previous row and force it to be visible . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if matrices are addition compatible . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
uses field members to create a hashcode . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
grow weight for the component horizontally and optionally vertically . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parser the select into arguments asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct an instance of the class asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
trace an object under a copying collection policy . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds an option to check . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
obtain the view and add it to our list of children . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates asserts credentials . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
saves the library info in a local workspace state location spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
warn the user of an problem . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
wsptypedecoder test decode string appid test spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
finish the activities according to the given class type . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new leaf node asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prints the provided string on the provided stream . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
normalize by zero mean unit variance asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
notifies of the presence of the doctype line in the document . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a booldatatype from a byte buffer . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the next token received after calling nexttoken is either an equal sign or an array 
creates an implementation of the old version of the touch handler . spec spec spec spec spec 
gets peers from the collective . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
calculates the macro weighted by class size average f measure . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests the any server selection strategy . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new instance with the specified cause . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts that two ints are equal . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return whether or not this is the special top dataflow value . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
searches for test by its name asserts in test passed as spec . spec spec spec asserts 
convert string representation of participants into participants asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
filter an external entity resolution . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a parser which succeeds if the next input symbol equals the supplied value . spec spec asserts 
close the current thread s connection object and set it to null so that a new instance will 
create a new asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
stores an image on the storage asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
helper method to create a note asynchronously in a linked business notebook . spec spec spec asserts 
makes an event property descriptor based on a reflected method considering the methods parameters to determine if this 
resolve a class specified by the descriptor using the specified classloader or the super classloader . asserts 
computes approximative types . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
adds the distribution manager that is started up to the current dm s list of members . 
called before data is read from a file . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called by updateentity inside the covered tileentity . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
when connected subscribe to the necessary channels to get properly notified spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when the ddm server disconnects . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
shows an error dialog asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
test a configuration file which should make the bootstrap fail . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
external agent rates the board and stores the score here . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
insert an edge from one of the asserts input graphs . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
discover the commands of an specific jid . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
index into the f e alignments . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
number of mutations to perform before a commit is executed . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compares the specified object to this method and answer if they are equal . asserts spec asserts 
commits the histogram . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test of length method of class bytefifobuffer . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
linearly interpolate this and other using the given interpolation factor t and store the result in this . 
specifies that the current row column should not be grid like . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a copy of the given string array . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
performs the logical and operation on this bit set and the given bit set . spec asserts 
returns the based position where an object is on this stack . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
print the linear model at this node asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
generate a unique name for the zoneset clone . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a friendly string representing the htmlelement s type labelelement and locator . spec spec spec spec 
return an iterator over the asserts objects representing successful matches of the spec . spec spec asserts 
revert to the previous namespace context . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
launch a local to the jvm elasticsearch cluster that will answer to the queries . spec asserts 
saves configuration type . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new relationship set for the given managed resource spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
return the parent element type of the element s type . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of feature type . spec spec spec 
flush all messages of the session asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates verification specifications for installing with application verification . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
copies the state of the given frame into this frame . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
build the metricname that is this with another path appended to it . spec spec spec spec 
required for jaxb . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
select the given element in the view of the given id spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method which takes a container tag and then releases all subviews for that container upon receipt . 
creates a new memory synchronizer object . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new empty snmpstring . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
you became petrified after using skillname . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new exception with the specified detail message cause and bean for jax ws exception serialization . 
outputs an example of a particular element using the syntax information . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
save the javapairdstream to geode key value store . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ask view to allow user input asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if a service has displayable organizational attributes . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
asserts asserts opt asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes custom color from armor . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
atomically renames the key oldkey to newkey . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates the working directory widgets to match the state of the given launch configuration . spec asserts 
used when creating a type to support recursive structs . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
receive notification of the end of an element . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
display the txt on the textarea in the server asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads a code of given length and at given index in an array of bits spec spec 
creates the named directory including any needed parent directories . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
delete suffix i if in asserts and preceded by c spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
dummy reservation is not applicable to any students asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
method saving a poi and all the associated foreign collections without transaction management . spec spec asserts 
the tip text for this property . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether the text file has been modified outside of this editor since the last load or save 
proceed to the next available ring color . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a dialog to edit the given workbench randomization parameters . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize the activity data asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
specifies the markup language which should be used to generate the files . spec spec spec asserts 
returns the weight a rule assigns to an instance . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the frame from its parent and adds its desktopicon to the parent . spec spec asserts 
adds a listener to invitation notifications . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check whether a scaling grid is defined . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new wsfederationmetaexception without a nested throwable . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is child of test data provider . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add extended data to the intent . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes all of the mappings from this map . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new codec with the given charset name . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
end the most recently pushed span at the current position in the builder . spec spec asserts 
creates a new single step command . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set a new scale asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method resets the incoming events time events included . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new asserts for adding to root . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ruft den wert der asserts eigenschaft ab . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if columnindex is within the number of columns in this result set . spec spec asserts 
helper method that simply checks the matrix and then displays the result asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
don t continue the search if requested data is received . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
parses xml in the extensionprofile format . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct user entry from session and a given guid . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an instance of the asserts with the specified value . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the digital value of the specified pin . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the character at position pos from the matched text . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
arcosecant is not a logical function . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the first document that occurs on or after the provided block index . spec spec asserts 
computes the digamma function of the input asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
describe the weather based on the current attribute states time and zone s weather modifiers . asserts 
get or create a timestamp value for the given date time in millis . spec spec asserts 
returns the alt format that has been registered with the specified name . spec spec spec asserts 
create an uninitialized instance of runningserviceinfo . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a titledborder instance with the specified border and an empty title . spec spec spec spec 
string representation with asserts . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return true if we are in full screen mode asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
if the current user has a specific authority security role . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
uri to fetch a csrf token . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
called to update the current model keepevery states . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the value if it could be parsed to the correct type or null . spec spec 
creates new instance of grantor for the lock service . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
evaluates an optionally asserts string . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
action to be taken when the mouse wheel was turned . . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
requests are ordered by the time at which they were created . spec spec spec spec spec 
flatten a map into an xmlserializer . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
visits the type of the super class . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
casts a object to a integer asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cambia el padre del documento asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns a copy of this object . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a uf test problem with decision variables . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if field asserts is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise spec asserts 
decodes a quoted printable string into its original form using the default string charset . spec asserts 
create or update an asserts object with the passed parameters . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
open all links in browser not in webview asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
let the client use early negotiation for the blocksize or . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of serialhandler spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the specific enumeration value in this class appropriate for the given xml attribute value . asserts 
performs a binary search for the specified element in a part of the specified sorted array . 
elimina todas las relaciones entre tipos de documentos vitales con un procedimiento . spec spec spec asserts 
provides serialization support . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads the file at the given location and creates a properties file from the contents . spec 
return whether or not the request payload body should be included in the log message . asserts 
returns the live ordered list of asserts of this type declaration added in jls api . asserts 
add a fixed value . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new standard job definition . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
setup cas to test parser for the english language is only called once if an english test is 
checks the expansion factor and the asserts criterion and raises an exception if the spec criterion is smaller 
defines the abstract method in abstractpaneitem . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add an event to the feedlet s generated event stream spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
handles available associations for given key asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new asserts configured using the given environment . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
opens the given file for reading assuming the specified encoding for file names . spec spec asserts 
factory method for constructing jackson asserts schema using the first message type defined in the underlying native protobuf 
we don t need to analyzer the text and we need to convert it to uid . . 
returns true if the tree is a full binary tree spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string representation for the kernel asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
does not close the underlying socket output . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert a d double array to an int array . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if a is in triplet form false otherwise . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
halts recording of activations . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this operations is used to get a servant that will be used to process the request that caused 
creates an eventsetdescriptor from scratch using java . lang . reflect . methoddescriptor and java . lang . 
update size depending on camera location . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new identity x matrix asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
previous count function . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
two instances of this class are equal if they have the same name the same parameter types and 
log to stdout . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an execution environment builder initialized with a copy of the specified environment . spec spec spec 
returns the coordinates and type of the current path segment in the iteration . spec spec asserts 
creates a new ssl certificate object from an x certificate spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parse the wsdl definition using wsdl j . asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
add a set of entries from the current manifest . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
preorder traversal from a subtree asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
notify attempted instantiators that this is non instantiable as it is only a helper factory class . 
checks if server instance identified by serverid is the primary server for this openam server s site . 
called by the registry when it stops in the shutdown thread . spec spec spec spec spec 
refreshes the resource index in the local cache reading from the data store spec spec spec asserts 
we know the the field is marked protected and not public and that the field is visible as 
construct a futurew syncrhonously that contains a single value extracted from the supplied iterable spec spec asserts 
maps the application user id back to the usage license and sets the affected usage license dirty 
this method was generated by mybatis generator . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this is only configurable for the purpose of testing . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method deploy all ajax functions to the lucee asserts and the helper files spec spec asserts 
turn off spin mode asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
inserts the given instruction at the begining of this list . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests whether header and footer should be included in output spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
skillcaster restored some dp by using skillname . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
should be able to parse a script that incorrectly closes a block comment twice . spec asserts 
update the target s data to match the source . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert an raw x value to panel x coordinate . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this test fails with npe when the stopwords file is missing in classpath spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an invalidpropertiesformatexception with the specified cause . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this textcharacter has the reverse modifier active spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
infer parameter types for anonymous functions in a named argument list and set up references from arguments back 
contexts propertyassignment returns propertymethoddeclaration propertyassignment returns propertymethoddeclaration constraint annotationlist annotatedpropertyassignment propertymethoddeclaration typevars typevariable typevars typevariable spec typerefwithmodifiers ? 
in a string replace block comment marks with . . . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new catchable pokemon . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new node for comparing if one number is greater than another . spec spec asserts 
we need to remove entries from the asserts for checkpoint records when the allocations associated with those checkpoint 
apply rotation about the y axis to this matrix by rotating the given amount of radians . 
creates a new control event instance . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a new asserts with a message . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new state object . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
signifies if the tray is current showing asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the filtering asserts used by the specified medianode hierarchy . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
notifies all listeners that a caret change has occurred . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
transforms the given vector by this transform asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this is used to determine if there are any parameters in the signature . spec spec asserts 
creates a asserts with the supplied parameters . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reset the chaining variables asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string describing the object asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test for getinstance string protocol string provider method assertion throws illegalargumentexception when provider is null or empty 
returns true if a specified dom document is an elevationmodel configuration document and false otherwise . asserts 
helper method for running the configuration client script . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
creates a dummy abstract value whose type is not supposed to be looked at . spec asserts 
returns a copy of the denominator polynomial . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
always returns false since this state machine can never become final . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
init method for the main blog page asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a folder resource handle for the folder with the given name . spec spec spec asserts 
an encrypt method that takes a byte array for input and returns an encrypted byte array asserts 
creates a new collector . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds sb to the stack of asserts that can be used . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
merge the termvectors from each of the segments into the new one . spec spec spec asserts 
example of setting the model for the queen . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set the current values of all fields . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
helper method to execute pre and post task execution hooks as independent actor invocations spec spec asserts 
reverse the specified range of the specified array . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true of the asserts of the assignment is a field reference i . e . spec 
creates an sqlfeaturenotsupportedexception object . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
registers a monitor to receive change notices for this server set as long as this jvm process is 
return a copy of this set . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
helper function to compile a shader . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add an eof transition to any rule end asserts that points to nothing i . e . for 
should return project related path from top level source folder to file itself . spec spec spec 
create a string expression from a expression asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
performs additional tasks required for a delete command . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
provide webcore with a geolocation permission state for the specified origin . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a postorder depth first traversal adding nodes to the list spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
update the server state with a csn . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
catch entries are created and then added to the asserts . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
to test effect color set duration and get duration asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if the item is within the bounds of the list spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
returns the intersection of the permitted ip ranges in permitted with ip . spec spec spec asserts 
writes the state of this object as primitive data to the given dataoutput . spec spec asserts 
note this will only succeed if the uuid identifies this journal . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the doc to use for updates when a script is not specified . spec spec asserts 
handles a mouse move out of the region over a link . spec spec spec spec spec 
starts the timer causing it to start sending action events to its listeners . spec spec spec 
returns the enum whose name matches the passed name else null when not found . spec asserts 
add an attribute to the element . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new action object . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clears the contents of this memory backend so that it does not contain any entries . spec 
returns the asserts object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
shutdown task scheduler . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an imageicon from the image . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this test is based on a forum post . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
check that the provided device info metrics are consistent with the currently stored metrics . spec asserts 
parse a logging level . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a parameter definition with the given settings . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs and initializes a polygon from the specified parameters . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
shortcut for property propertyname asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
scans the external subset of the document . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
lists all virtual pools in a virtual data center api call get file vpools spec spec spec 
creates new rollback exception with given error message . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
renders asserts with asserts serving as a load right border marker and style hint spec spec asserts 
removes adjacent duplicates . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the top control state based on the internals of the panel . spec spec spec asserts 
check if instruction is a interface invoke with corresponding parameters . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handles changes in the project name and project directory asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the countdown is one . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
recoge los valores de la instancia en una cadena xml spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds an expectation for an issue s length . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
build emulated slots that correspond to emulated fields . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
reads the contents of a file into a string . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
creates a new instance of spec . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handles the channel being closed . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new jk namespace . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
paints the border of a text area . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the specified object into this vector at the specified location . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determine if the context is active . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new instance with only a simple message . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
construct an eventdescriptor with a class and long event id . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
lists the available options asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
you became diseased after using skillname . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find notes that are connected to a asserts directly . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns snapshot start time spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resets the references for streaming . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
crea una lista descriptora . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a layout strategy for paragraphs based upon java . awt . font . linebreakmeasurer . asserts 
checks if the affinetransformation is the identity . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
nb assuming column format asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
acquires write lock . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tries to connect to the database using the given connection options . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
validate service state coherence . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests if the state is empty . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a notification handler for a service . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an internal connection . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
build method function parameters asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts the current asserts component . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
number of recently added friends to return . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a rational with specifiec numerator and denominator asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
move the map left spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this writes all singletons in entity data model as collection of metadata singleton . spec spec asserts 
method called to find filter that is configured to be used with bean serializer being built if any 
creates a new asserts . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
run just this test . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a grabpoint to the internal list . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create empty message by message name for filling and sending spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a locator for a cluster connection . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines if a scenario has at least one of the affect check boxes checked . spec spec 
save the locale . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
reads the next byte of data from the input stream . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
paints the divider . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct an exception for the current context . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
read enough entity data into a byte array to fill the array . spec spec spec asserts 
closes the driver and informs the listeners about driver s death . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates the default raster symbolizer . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new technical service and marketable service for marketplace by given count . spec spec spec 
this method is called when the state of the asserts changes i . e . when the tab 
formats a date using a format string . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the projection considers distinct values only . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads a coordinate value with the specified dimensionality . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a token that represents a symbol using a library for the text . spec spec asserts 
checks whether each item s title is fully visible using the current layout . spec spec asserts 
create the offsetgrabpoint at a certain window location . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the greatest integer less than or equal to the double argument asserts spec spec spec asserts 
notifies all listeners that have registered interest for notification on this event type . spec spec asserts 
this method allows the removal of event listeners from the event target . spec spec spec asserts 
close the stream . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
performs the action of loading a session from a file . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prepends a string to this string . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines if the object is visible . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if node is participating in deployment . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
verify that we can set up the pipeline to go offline at a particular sequence id . 
creates a abstractquerybuilder instance that can be used to build api request with various parameters spec asserts 
provides access to the value of the mapping at the iterator s position . spec spec spec 
this method will check if a given expression contains a column expression recursively . spec spec asserts 
creates a temporary file on disk location specified by systemproperties . spec and returns its path . 
get the contents of a reader as a string . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handle customer creation . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
populate function combo box . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a stream name assigned for each stream generated if none was supplied . spec spec asserts 
looks up and returns a view in this asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
append an long value . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
behaves like asserts but with a custom transaction style asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the optional long value associated with an index . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
clear out the collection . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the total time for all tasks . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
starting from the given node this function finds the node that is the source node of the asserts 
creates a default ldap security provider with no default key store configuration . spec spec spec spec 
removes the given spider parser . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds two strings . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new class loader . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new asserts instance with the given type . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
streams edges used for experimental treeforcelayout . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
send an info log message asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test each of the exact operations with the arguments and with the arguments reversed . spec spec 
a filter based on the relationship of a shape and indexed shapes asserts spec spec spec asserts 
shifts right an array of integers . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
accepts session invitation . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates whether the provided value is bit clean . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
strokes the path . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parses a new xml schema document . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes an element from the element . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
javax . crypto . cipher init int java . security . key spec spec spec spec spec 
returns a theme constant defined in the resource editor as a boolean value spec spec spec asserts 
resets the time for this audio stream to zero asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
queries if this time zone uses daylight saving time . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
accept the visitor . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
create a long transactional conversation . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts in words . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
paints the background of a desktop pane . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the given filter to the list of filters for this indicator . spec spec spec asserts 
removes a texture from this material . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates the directory named by this abstract pathname including any necessary but nonexistent parent directories . asserts 
checks if an appium is running asserts . x . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
internal link a node to it s parent so we can traverse backwards when required . asserts 
sums the result of apply a closure to each item of an array . spec spec asserts 
create a new asserts component with the default basic valve . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the asserts field will make everything look like it changed spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an instance of this class . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the squared distance from this int d to the specified point asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs an generalexception with the specified detail message . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new columnvector by taking the absolute value of each element in this vector . asserts 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
this is an image border that can only grow horizontally spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if the user have permissions to remove all of the requested entities . spec spec spec 
fills in an exception s fields using data from this continuation . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a new media size attribute from the given integer values . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
paints the background of a menu item . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
load private key from a pkcs key store asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns if the storage is existing . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of type defining element . spec spec 
the hashcode for a context is just the hashcode of its parts . spec spec spec asserts 
receive the reply data from the server . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
inserts the specified node in this vector at the specified index . asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
determine the common suffix of two strings asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
show the loading view . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
compares this string to the specified object . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns the number of rows matching the dynamic query . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
fired when component gains focus asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a asserts with the root configuration . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check whether has root permission asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
discarded nodes are drawn in grayscale . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clears the local image cache for channel images . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
select bar code height select the height of the bar code as n dots default dots asserts 
remove a forceitem to the simulation . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the next element in the iteration . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts which represents the closing of the given tunnel via a request associated with the 
converts byte array to hex string . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a lifecycle event listener to this component . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the mapping with the specified key from this map . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns an array of locations that are valid for the unchecked value defaults . spec spec asserts 
tests the sha implementation . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
paints the background of an editor pane . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts that the arrays are equivalent and contain the same values spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this map contains a mapping for the specified key . spec spec spec spec 
check whether result contains all required points . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
discards any active baggage currently in this thread asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
given a url to a properties file describing a asserts create it and add it to the list 
deletes the component at the specified index . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the end date . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get a bitmap from selected view asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invoked when the animated value of an animatable attribute has changed . spec spec spec spec spec 
write an int array in a binary file asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a asserts initialized with an array of spec . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
queue the operation on the queue associated with the key spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
create a versioned message . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
optional check to see if the received asserts is an asserts notification with erroneous extra port fields . 
returns true if deleting the package succeeded . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the provided argument to the set of arguments handled by this parser . spec spec asserts 
checks a patch object for validity against a document state object . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
responds to a selection changed event in the environment table spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adjusts the rectangle available based on if the vertical scrollbar is needed wantsvsb . asserts spec asserts 
divide two negative numbers . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the checked state . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds to primary recipients to the email that is being built . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new instance . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the current position . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
swaps the bytes changes endianness of the bytes at the given offset . spec spec spec asserts 
returns a position in the first java partition after the last non empty and non comment partition . 
open the slidingmenu and show the menu view . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a mapping from two arrays one with keys one with values . spec spec spec spec 
create an objectname for this role object . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines if the tasks completed with an error . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check whether an object is empty will see if it is a string map collection etc . 
returns null if the argument is a syntactically valid regular expression . spec spec spec spec asserts 
construct a completed state . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set the required information to display the page . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculates kernel value of vectors x and y . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
assumes that we are processing the text this is some test text . spec spec spec asserts 
this method determines whether the supplied endpoint should be excluded . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
read major and minor version of compiler which created the file . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cache for a stream asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
increase the failed queries count of the bucket entry we sent the message to spec spec asserts 
returns true if this cookie has expired . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
this adds a property descriptor for the value feature . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
register an new module to this registry and setup the module . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handle a simple unary function the child of the node is the argument to the function . 
create a new instance of nosubscriptionserversavailableexception without a detail message or cause . spec spec spec asserts 
prepares the form data set . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
update ad asserts result and error message asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
create a new asserts using the default parserfactory settings thus the default parsers and parser ordering will be 
triggers click of previous button . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts that will wrap at the specified width and has the specified image asserts 
creates a copycat client . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
create instance of this class for the specified message . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
computes the quantile value of the given dataset . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the value of the asserts property . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add the imports in the given sheet to the working importlist vector . spec spec spec asserts 
get notification that a throttle has been found as we requested . spec spec spec spec spec 
uniformly random int from i asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
returns the state . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construye un objeto de la clase . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the text matched by the current regular expression . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates whether the name of the business transaction shell be extracted dynamically from the measurement data . 
create a new graql shell asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs a matrix which is the concatenation of all given parts . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when there s an error playing media . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
re size a specified chunk on its backed memory pool . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the nodespec that we hold must have the proper entityspec set on it for the matching to work 
returns true if this grant token is currently granted . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove a node from the graph also removing all incident edges . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an asserts with a default detailed message . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
appends a character sequence to the buffer . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an instance using the default key . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
make sure that system . asserts returns even if the finalization queue is never completely empty . 
construct with specified cause . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a text builder of small initial capacity . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new application event . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
half opens the circuit . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new file converter . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
decides if the activity can be done . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
shows a long toast asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this component is lightweight that is if it doesn t have a native window system 
enables the vertex attribute with the given name spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates whether this entry meets the criteria to consider it an ldap subentry i . e . it 
need to use asserts instead of asserts because in case spring boot fails to start up e . 
if set to true the flush will block if a another flush operation is already running until the 
tests the functionality of the validate method using case insensitivity and allowing spaces if it fails . 
receive notification of a parser warning . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a flag that controls whether the shape outline is visible . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method is used to write the value to the specified node . spec asserts spec asserts 
add primary colors to the firework effect . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct an array converter with the specified component converter that returns a default array of the specified size 
selects an appropriate tick value for the axis . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates instance of delete mutation operation . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check that exception is thrown if json definitions file is structured not as expected . spec asserts 
uses the specified values . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new dsaprivatekeyspec with the specified parameter values . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates the sql encoder . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
call from main thread . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new transcoderinput with the specified character stream . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
read the arc protocol off the data input and return an omarc . spec spec spec asserts 
notify this object that it has been registered as a listener with a source with respect to the 
creates a new inject manager . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialises an instance . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
create a new asserts based on asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an empty instance of asserts and push it on to the object stack . spec asserts 
filters a single input sample single step filtering . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
assert that refs seen by a non admin user match expected . spec spec spec spec spec 
sorts markers on rank then priority and then on name if requested asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs an asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
one of the children has moved to another page . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indents a string with spaces . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a light object with only system name . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this class is never instantiated asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
part of a layer hack to notify the component listener when the component is hidden . asserts 
computes the initial value of this thread local variable for the child thread given the parent thread s 
returns as this is a set with no active options . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method generated by intellij idea gui designer important ! ! spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write part of a statement to an output stream . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates whether the current row has been deleted . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
creates an instance of asserts . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines whether the url needs to be sent as an intent to the system and sends it if 
mouse out handler . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
reconcile positions based on the ast subtrees asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add an extension from a lite generated file to the registry . spec spec spec spec asserts 
create associated classloader . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the value of the asserts asserts property . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
flag that asserts checking of branch ids on responses . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns all the text at the given url . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes the asserts keystore entry asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
build authentication mechanism that will keep the session alive via the use of session token . asserts 
creates a new entry object for the referencemap . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a filter that filters files based on a cutoff reference file . spec spec spec asserts 
returns a new instance of condition . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
validates a result file missing an entry . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add distinct entry to list asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
add an empty searchdata object to the model asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
description to be displayed in the gui . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the table . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determine the parametric point of intersection of a line with this plane . spec spec spec asserts 
use this method only if you do not know project or component spec spec spec spec asserts 
returns the taskrunnable previous to this taskrunnable in the linked list . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if the representation class is one of the standard text representation classes . spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
removes all existing parameters . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a rectangle to the region of interest asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if is unix . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
applies an event to all listeners . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a default mosaic transfer fee calculator . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
start and stop are in radians converted by the parent function . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an asn inputstream where no der object will be longer than limit . spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
checks if specified option is enabled asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
used to check if the file is raster format . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a parameters to the method invocation . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
renders the polygons if necessary asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prepare for an atomic store operation . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
atomically checks if a row family qualifier value matches the expected value . spec spec spec asserts 
invoked on each preference click in this hierarchy overrides asserts s implementation . spec spec spec asserts 
used by super class to log the attribute s contents when packet logging is enabled . asserts 
return the first index i for which the target key is less than or equal to key i 
create the object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a datasource used for export operations asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
calculate the maximum of a d array asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds custom metadata to the index to be created . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an idsquery using the specified type ids and routing per id . spec asserts spec asserts 
inner method for invalidating all tags from the live cache with a given asserts flag . spec 
create a default cache configuration when asserts is null asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
saves the current time to the database asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
figure out what ratio we can load our image into memory at while still being bigger than our 
load profiles from specified directory . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
delete a post from a group . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new exception with null as its detail message . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
executes an action if the current logged in user s credential is known otherwise redirects to the authorization 
skips over the next if keyword . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method moves transit vehicles from the stop queue directly to the front of the queue of the 
clear all dots . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs an instance of the idm client asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write contents to a byte array asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
really hacky loop for finding attraction in our static content provider . asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
this method must be provided by the vm vendor as it is used by other provided class implementations 
check to see if a string is a valid ncname according to from the xml namespaces . recommendation 
call this method to force stopping fingerprint scanning asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
add a dtm to the dtm table . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new bridge for the lt asserts element . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the request builder for this collection of string asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write part of an array of bytes . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
swap the rows columns of a symmetric n x n matrix which is represented as a double . 
adjust cluster configuration according to cli parameters asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
removes a celleditorlistener from the listener list . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize this attribute spec by resolving any environment variables and setting up the date format if necessary 
checks if any errors occurred while serializing an xml document spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
item will slide from left to right . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new zero polynomial . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a pattern expression to the followed by relationship between patterns . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the entry identified by the given alias was created by a call to setcertificateentry or 
shows a graphical representation of the agent in its environment . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
create and persist database entities required for testing . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds all items to the set of values associated with the key spec spec spec spec spec 
determines whether this instance represents a stun error response . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes all listeners from the set listening to frame updates for this animation . spec spec asserts 
disable the virtual machine with the specified id . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
lazy dynamic loading of the dialogs logo . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets a suitable hash code for the range . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
perform a http head request without any parameters . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a positive number from a sign and an array of bytes . spec spec spec asserts 
obtiene el numero de detalles que se han asserts para una prevision de asserts asserts spec asserts 
adds an action at the given index . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
coverts given floats array to array of shorts . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the position in the list of a given item spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the key s hashcode remembered from the time of reference creation . spec spec spec spec 
creates a new group of check boxes for interacting with the query . spec spec spec spec 
formats a date time into a specific pattern in a time zone . spec spec spec spec 
convert date from given strings to date format asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests if a view at the given position is visible or not . spec spec spec asserts 
deletes the file or directory with the given name . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
checks if the specified modifier is set . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compile a operation . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a line with a specified origin and direction . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determine how much many bytes the entire message will take including space for header and trailer asserts 
joins arrays together if any array is null or empty then other array will be retuned without coping 
is there any valid item in this slot where valid is an item with a stacksize greater than 
adds a string to the constant pool of the class being build . spec spec spec asserts 
generates random numbers from spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
either asc expr or desc expr . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the syntax implementation . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines whether the newly created managed object which is about to be added to the server configuration satisfies 
register deployable factory . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets up the listeners for a given module . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check single byte read byte array write . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the fraction of all attributes in the data that are used in the logistic model in percent 
returns true if this set contains all of the elements in the specified collection . spec spec 
checks whether a given attribute is defined . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
put a key double pair in the jsonobject . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
id of the user or community that owns the photo . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new exception with the specified detail message and bean for jax ws exception serialization . 
ignores and logs ssl errors . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
return true if class child is a subclass of class parent neither of them being allowed to be 
creates a new regular node . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find out if a particular node is connected asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new exception . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
delete a bucket . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new abstract asn . writer . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
package private method used by the test suite . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if the view is attached . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert a signed byte to an unsigned int . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invokes the installui method on each ui handled by this object . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds appropriate braces to argument help text if needed asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
return the probe s next sample . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test that we are able resolve shop by his domain name spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
changes the bot s presence asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
update the keys whose fd s have been selected by the epoll . spec spec spec spec 
computes message digest value . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
creates a new instance of spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
guaranteed to throw an exception and leave the multimap unmodified . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
draws a vector from the given start in the direction of d with length l . spec 
resolves an extension version conflict by comparing both extension versions . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parse the string header spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
simple add might break balance ! asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
tell whether the number of motion event s pointer changed . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tries to start server endpoint with specified configuration . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
populates a ui control node with locations . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines if a view should have a sticky header . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an instance of this class . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new uniform distribution with a min of and a max of spec spec spec spec 
check to see whether this request will be expanded by the backend and therefore the asserts won t 
enable disable the display of the status active call . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
load an xml resource attached to the meta data of this item . spec spec spec asserts 
verifies that the provided object reference is null . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get number of cpu cores asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creation of a new asserts asserts asserts file strategy . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
do a brain dead performance test with one thread writing and waiting for the values on the other 
instances should not be constructed in standard programming . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return true if the cell union intersects the given cell id . spec spec spec spec spec 
create the converter with a default value . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
confirm that removeall returns a list that implements randomaccess even though get doesn t . spec spec 
returns a new single transformer that subscribes on a cpu computation thread . spec spec spec asserts 
visits the default value of this annotation interface method . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
obtiene si la tabla multivalor para los campos de tipo fecha hora est ? spec spec asserts 
returns the integer to which this asserts maps the specified integer . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new asserts over the given set and data field . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads file to string using specified charset . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if lock request has permission to proceed else adds the request to the end of asserts 
creates a new instance of spec . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether this media attribute is equivalent to the passed in object . spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
deletes the latest photo that placed in the determined directory and returns its result as boolean . 
initializes the live attribute values of this element . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a straight line from the current path point to the new one specified by x and y 
method to append start tag information along with attributes if any spec spec spec spec spec spec 
registers a new mail repository type in the mail store s registry based upon a passed in configuration 
makes our egl context current using the supplied draw and read surfaces . spec asserts spec asserts 
calculates and return the result of canonicalization of the specified node using the specified canonicalization method . 
creates a new timeinstant by adding the specified number of days to this instant . spec asserts 
compares innermost delegate to the given connection . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a finder to find the next largest eigen value of the receiver s matrix . spec 
use this method only if you do not know project or component spec spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new abstract bridge for svg elements . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a single string from a list of strings seperated by a delimiter . spec spec spec 
write the asserts to the file system as a binary blog . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
builds a null mean random correlated vector generator from its covariance matrix . spec spec spec asserts 
encodes the password to use the correct character encoding for ad . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an intlist identical to l but with each element incremented by x . l is not allowed 
number of branches resulting from the split asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct an in existing topology object . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the specified key and its associated value from the symbol table if the key is in the 
call configure method on a plugin class . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
skips the specified number of bytes . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
if the client and the server are based on the same version of interproscan return true otherwise return 
swap two rows of the given matrix . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get an optional int value associated with a key or zero if there is no such key or 
hides all error messages from the ui . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
assert the specified values have been received in the declared order . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a new parsing context onto the parse context stack . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculates the value of the first argument raised to the power of the second argument . spec 
generate a random number between and . maybe changed for a better random number generator if needed . 
asserts of a simplex . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
end of visit the given type specific ast node . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
invoke floordiv and return the result or any exception . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the label of the extension . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
draw a vertex buffer in a given gl mode . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add an extension method . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
test of detectlanguage method of class languagedetector with de pages . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
to test the audio track api looping asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
decodes an entry from its tree representation . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates and returns a new unparented type literal expression node owned by this ast . spec spec 
don t let anyone instantiate this class . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
scale individual bitmap inputs by creating a new bitmap according to the scale spec spec spec asserts 
count trailing zero bits in an int . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
append long integer into mmessage . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prints an entire subpopulation in a form readable by humans but also parseable by the computer using readsubpopulation 
to check if the segment is merged or not . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
load and import properties from a config file . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when a cloud message has been received . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
select the specified newsgroup to be the target of for future article retrieval and posting operations . 
returns number of leaves in tree structure . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compiles documentation about the data generation . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
listener method to perform the move cancel action available in this activity . spec spec spec asserts 
returns the tip text for this property asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
just to denote that this class can t be instantiated . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns the specified result of the xpath expression . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether a given column is mapped i . e . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get an optional int value associated with a key or the default if there is unknown such key 
creates a new image request decoding to a maximum specified width and height . spec spec asserts 
return the namespace name of the element s type . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
throws an xmlvalidationexception to indicate that an attribute has an invalid value . spec spec spec asserts 
resets any stored state . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a clone of this time series collection . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a wrapper that decorates the specified primitive map . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the cause of the exception if any . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if for create table test id int gettables returns test as the table name . asserts 
increases the current zoom level by the specified zoom factor . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a source file attribute with more control over attribute name spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
perform the actual read of the read barrier returning the value as a raw word . asserts 
convert from long to string . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
build a jobnotfoundexception with the given message . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a lazypstackx that contains the longs between start and end spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
moves the component to the bottom of the components in its current layer position . spec asserts 
construct a jsonarray from a source json text . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a list feed helper for a particular url . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
run a load test with a given number of fibers making as many requests as possible . 
the doget method of the servlet . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if the specified odata type is a structured type and throws an exception if it is not 
gets the value of the isdefault property . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reload sdk information and update the source root of the sdk . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
show all known group items asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test if all answers were readonly votes . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the mongo db collection and create some indexes asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a new instance of spec . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a maprequestformatexception with null as its error message string . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the individual by randomly choosing float values uniformly from mingene to maxgene . spec spec asserts 
constructs a new asserts looking up the name from the asserts . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes a new asserts instance which is to work with a specific google turn server . spec 
parse an options string spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
delete lun in async mode asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
unlocks lock if it is currently owned . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
required sets the longitude of the venue for the result spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a stream consisting of the elements of this stream which elements match the given predicate . 
this test just calls writereplace method asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the database specific sql command to find view definitions spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
produce a copy of a string in which the characters and control characters are replaced with hh . 
checks the semantics of the directives in the directive list as parsed from the digest challenge byte array 
used to execute this plugin tool . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
handles the process of broadcasting the event to listeners allowing this process to be decoupled spec asserts 
leaves the register edit mode . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the cancellation state of this event . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the lowest layer value from all current children . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
begins the http service . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an instance of asserts with the specified detail message . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
appends the income data to be read by handshake protocol . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
run in ui thread asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
hook method called after oncreate or after onrestart when the activity is being restarted from stopped state . 
register deployable factory . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new origin at the given origin using the standard xyz axes spec spec spec asserts 
deletes the entry . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts that two objects are equal . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return true if this value is a variable . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
save a crashinfo instance to a parcel . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compares the two arrays . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an actionevent object with the specified modifier keys and timestamp . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add element to the designated printwriter . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a resource to the transaction manager domain . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new create xxx sub command for an optional relation . spec spec spec spec spec 
patch add method . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
reads a byte of data from this input stream . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
utility method for finding the beaninfo associated with a bean class name . spec spec spec asserts 
reconstructs object on unmarshalling . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
gets a http client to access the service . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a new reference uri scheme enumeration value with the given integer value . spec spec asserts 
get position in current array asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
expands the given string of letters as a list of single char symbols . spec spec spec 
sort the list of recorded super block starts and remove duplicates . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cast a value to a axis compatible type asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
predefined transformer placing all uuids with a blank one . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines the ending position of the current token . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns value of asserts attribute . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find the virtual nas by native id for the specified vnx unity storage array spec spec asserts 
parse a binary long literal . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of this core config manager . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
create a subscribe request asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
checks on a message map if we ve seen this message before . spec spec spec asserts 
returns a copy of the string with leading and trailing whitespace omitted . spec spec spec spec 
is executed after dependency injection is done to perform any initialization . asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
this method update db when an app is replaced asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create and get actor system . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check that a byte array starts with some byte values . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
allows to activate the fetched values asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
to be called when a navigation event happens . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of display color . spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new slidingactivityhelper . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates whether the response should contain the stored source for every hit asserts spec spec spec asserts 
filter an ignorable whitespace event . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes a listener object from the operand expression . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adapt a sax start element event . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new panel object . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
change the given annotation of the given class . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a copy of the statement for method inlining asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether it has the provides a hint to clients as to the date and time of the 
handles the log button click asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reset this builder to the empty state . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cycles through the different repeat modes asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
redoes the last undone action asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
expert set the number of buckets to get on each shard to improve accuracy . spec asserts 
clear the blacklist list asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an imageproducer object from an existing imageproducer and a filter object . spec spec spec asserts 
classifies the given test instance . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates new genericvalue from existing genericvalue spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns a string representation of this label . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new zipentry object for the specified entry name . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
playing time asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads the output of the reader and delivers it as string . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ruft den wert der asserts eigenschaft ab . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new instance . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
only used when creating a new post spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
encodes outgoing multicast requests based on protocol in use applying configured security constraints if any . asserts 
return a string describing the access modifier flags in the specified modifier . spec spec spec asserts 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
returns true if the modifiers include the volatile modifier . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return a random byte of size count . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether a given attribute is defined . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
increments pending messages discarded count . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
reads the blob from the stream into the working cursor . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
implements file name filter for native file dialog . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
constructs a comparison failure . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
delete the attribute value . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a timestamp conform to the iso specification supported its single information bits . spec spec asserts 
initialise the padder . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the correctly rounded positive square root of a double value . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prints the string representation of the specified float to the target . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new asserts instance with a given starting reference and values to be written . asserts 
method to check if two resource match objects are equal . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
configures the given map maker to use weak keys if possible does nothing otherwise i . e . 
answers a string containing a concise human readable description of the receiver . spec spec spec spec 
is asserts applicable ? asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
brings up an internal dialog panel with a specified icon where the number of choices is determined by 
a queue command that lets the netmapreader know to disconnect when it has the opportunity to . 
add a node to the nodeset . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
deletes the current selected instance or several chosen ones asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a comment type notification with the specified request json object . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
passes the alert information to the alert protocol . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
nextint bound returns value bound repeated calls produce at least two distinct results spec spec spec asserts 
writes a message to the access logger with information about the search result entry that matches the criteria 
retrieves the next attribute in this sqlinputimpl object as a double in the java programming language . 
writes a double value to an outputstream . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
tests the behaviour in case of sending the data to the server . spec spec spec asserts 
if the caret is located within a proof collapses and expands the appropriate proofs . spec asserts 
checks whether the given value can be casted into the given class type . spec spec asserts 
sends a message if there is one queued asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates the expanded state of all the descendants of path by getting the expanded descendants from the tree 
use valueof instead . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
inserts a value to the collection . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
search in the query result all localized resources for a given key and locale spec spec asserts 
add a split for the current time labeled with splitlabel . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a macro to this asserts . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a asserts with a list in which to store linestrings found . spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new action node with a unique identifier and a set of values spec spec spec 
mark a component completely dirty . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a view using the specified type expression and parameters . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when a new new best posterior state is found . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns a string representation of this object . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds asserts to asserts and updates asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get a pretty string spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of anonymous complex attribute . spec asserts 
construct demographic model with default settings asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes a packet listener that was being notified of any new messages in the multi user chat . 
return hashset of keys spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the token specified to the current linked list of tokens . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new circularwallforce with default gravitational constant . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
load servers from database asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ensures that the specified array cannot hold more than maxcapacity elements . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method will be used to read the dictionary file from a given offset spec spec asserts 
this method performs an asynchronous thrift call to reserve space for a resource on a host . 
collects all interfaces of a class node including those defined by the super class . spec asserts 
create a hierarchy of directories a path in the designated temp dir . spec spec spec asserts 
find a class using the specified classloader asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a new asserts with coordinates set to the specified values . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a view set of distinct keys under the namespace from the current baggage spec spec asserts 
returns a dateformatter configured with the specified format instance . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
finds the member as per details in the given event object and passes on this event for handling 
make fatal error page . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
construct an nodetest that tests for namespaces and node names . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the current bindings aside and starts a new element context . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check the database if there is no config . admin user then create the admin user with admin 
computes the synchronous method parameter types from the asynchronous method binding . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns item at index i . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
emits a tuple to the specified output stream with a null message id . spec spec asserts 
determines if this id corresponds to the next execution window . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
decodes asn . integer type asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
main method compile a list of files return all compiled classes spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method called when user clicks on cancel . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
skilltarget became paralyzed because skillcaster used skillname . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
find either the index of a key s value or the index of an available space . 
post foos create a new foo . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reporting rate in milliseconds . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
returns an integer indicating the order of this object relative to another object . spec spec asserts 
generates floats inclusively bounded below by float . negative infinity and above by a value very close to 
to be called when the fragment is being dismissed either by actionbar navigation or by pressing back in 
reverses the order of the given array . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert the specified charsequence to an input stream encoded as bytes using the default character encoding of the 
returns a formatted tcp info element depending on the success of the ip address name resolution either with 
calculates the width of a rectangle given the top and bottom edges and an aspect ratio . 
signature generation asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
create min max length string validator that throws given exception on invalid parameter . spec spec asserts 
creates a new position record with zero rotation . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
replaces the variables present in the text and returns the result . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
round trip test for a single line string asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds an activation or deactivation request including informations about visibility changes . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns string representation of the form subj area crs asserts itype desc asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds an object to a given location . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
deletes a file never throwing an exception . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the value of the readonly property . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new ab level view . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compares this entry with another cp info object which may reside in a different constant pool . 
convenience method for fast pdfcanvas creation by a certain page . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
recursively convert from native rhino to json . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
verify the signature of the xml string asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs and returns a new buffer with the given target . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new phaser with no initially registered parties no parent and initial phase number . asserts 
create a new map which will contain all the contents of the spec . spec spec spec 
installs dynamic web module . facet if it doesn t already exits in asserts spec spec asserts 
returns true iff the module is a constant module . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
press a key . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets a properties object containing the properties parsed by a cassandra daemon to determine its rack and data 
maximum value rounded up . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test force in comments flag . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads up to len bytes of data from the contained input stream into an array of bytes . 
create the api level appropriate animator for this indicator s reveal . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
perform destructive splitting of edges fixme currently used only in p r it should probably be changed to 
decode the base encoded string data whitespace will be ignored . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new exception with null as its detail message . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
you changed your casting speed by using skillname . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new query object . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invoked when the number list attribute starts . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new resource manager asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clean up after parsing is complete . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
before calling convert please make sure to asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines if the graph contains a particular edge . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests if this object is equal to another . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ensures the truth of an expression involving one or more parameters to the calling method . spec 
searches for a file with the given name in the exploded classpath . spec spec spec asserts 
logs an error message . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
notify all listenerlist that have registered interest for notification on this event type . spec spec asserts 
removes all non fade away arrows on the chess board . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether the target process is using multiple threads . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a buffered input stream for this url . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a factory method to build the appropriate luminancesource object based on the format of the preview buffers as 
for peer to peer the backing cache is what s embedded in tomcat so it s always available 
add an endpoint to the remembered set . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets user assignment factors and role factors to zero . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the main content of asserts to this document . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes the cache out onto the underlying stream asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create db structure if required store admin user if required store configuration if required spec spec asserts 
adds a string to the constant pool of the class being build . spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new matchqueryexp where the specified attributevalueexp matches the specified pattern stringvalueexp . asserts spec asserts 
write a byte array to all the output streams created for this splitstream spec spec spec asserts 
method asserts async take uploaded images and save it to mongodb spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
worldname difficulty with a num player limit has opened . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
constructs new snapshot shard failure object asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
enables export button if all prerequisites for export are being met . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the imaginary part of a complex number . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the current position to index . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
supports serialization interface . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
connect to the live chat channel and return a asserts . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a new apiuser from the provided user . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
edits the line . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
scipio returns true only if the category id is a top category . spec spec spec spec 
helper method that returns current state of data structure used to track acks for batch messages asserts 
writes a charsequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist using the default encoding 
create a cryptoexception with the given message . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this operation recognizes content within an image by applying a domain specific model . spec spec spec 
marks the node a complete expression . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
compares characters by asserts order . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method allows binding an action that should occur before showing the given container spec spec asserts 
returns n grams and also n grams and . . . . and grams . spec spec 
zero this vector s components . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets whether the field separator should be added at the end of each buffer . spec asserts 
restores a d gap array into the original integers . spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
waits for a object or a timeout for synchronization purposes . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new distribution with a variable and a density function spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
hash a string and long seed . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new menu result indicating that the menu should be displayed again . spec spec spec 
reads the contents of a file into a string . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
draws the shadow responsive effect asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether the call is remotely held or not asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
if the node is not writable then commit a response and return false . spec spec asserts 
indicates whether the document has cross reference streams . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests is the metaphones of two strings are identical . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
display the current render surface . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
writes an entry to the search index table asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new instance . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a file . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if field header is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise spec asserts 
returns a hashcode for this asserts . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determine the identifier name to be used in the generated javascript code to represent the given declaration . 
find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found . spec spec asserts 
asserts the ball if it is a th down and decided not to go for it . 
print an error to printstream asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
adds a reader listener to this reader that will be notified when new strings are read . 
java . util . jar . jarfile jarfile java . lang . string boolean spec spec asserts 
gets the current contents of this byte stream as a input stream . spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if at this time the object will accept a connection via the supplied eventsetdescriptor asserts 
tests whether a specified resource s project is configured to use a repository provider with the specified id 
parses the given command and executes it spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
copies filter into this . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
iterates over all known plugins and tells them to create their extensions to this menu . asserts 
statemachine change for block trigger . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets all the closing fragments into finished state . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
main method when class is invoked . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new pointer to the given values . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the key for a host is the open upper bound of the weight . spec spec asserts 
create a group container description from the specified container handle that can be used to create the container 
creates an item label generator using the specified formatters . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
creates a salsa engine spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a pageparaminfo . spec for the given page number and url ensuring the group stays monotonic . 
creates a texthitinfo at the specified offset associated with the character before the offset . spec spec 
removes the corresponding row from the table model and triggers a gui update . spec spec asserts 
reads bytes into the given buffer . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove a connection from the management database . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
don t let anyone instantiate this class . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compute new replacement length for string replacement . asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
encode the session identifier associated with this response into the specified url if necessary . spec asserts 
this method is only used for debugging the tool . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
emit an invokespecial instruction . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the sha message digest of the given value . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create the test case spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
enumerate the properties of the target object and add them as additional entries to the query string of 
serialize the given set s asserts into byte chunks calling proc for each one . spec spec 
repeat string with multiplier times . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines whether redirecting of output has been enabled . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calls a method on the underlying javascript object that returns a javascript object . spec spec spec 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
close the output . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads the next hmtp packet from the stream returning false on end of file . spec spec 
whether new values can be written to the attribute . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads up to length bytes or until eof asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a asserts for the given patchset suitable for serialization to json . spec spec spec asserts 
disable debug displays default asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create the extension from the passed der encoded value of the same . spec spec spec asserts 
closes the underlying socket . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
multlocal multiplies this matrix internally by a given float scale factor . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add an email address to be used in the bcc field . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the width of the given string in this font instance spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a action to this notification . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the tip text for this property asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
computes the based block index based on the global cell index and block size meta data . 
parses a asserts according to the grammar described in http www . w . org tr css about 
relativelocationpath step relativelocationpath step asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
go to channel list activity asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns the original string used to create this expression unmodified . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
register a namespace prefix spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a formatted date string using the java . text . dateformat . full formatting technique spec 
round trip test for a single polygon asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set the sounds to be played when a pull event happens . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
builds rule sets from xml file spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write value at index into a byte array highest to lowest byte left to right . asserts 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
defines how the parent score is mapped into the child documents . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
update the summaries of each item to show the local setting and the global setting . asserts 
adds a value to the set . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if a point d . double is inside the figure . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
finds an existing location or creates a new location if needed requires location s name creates a unique 
reconstitute the random instance from a stream that is deserialize it . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return copy of node . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get numeric id for a group name . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new service unavailable exception . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
escape a string for use inside as xml element content . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculates the aspect ratio given a rectangle . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the kth smallest attribute value of a numeric attribute . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string representation of the subjectlocality element . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method taken renamed from asserts asserts class . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the second component . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
notifies the channel listener that we our connection has been closed spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a suitable hashcode for the chronology . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find a vacant area that will fit the given bounds nearest the requested cell location . spec 
skip forward n iterations . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds two money objects asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the underlying dependencies have changed . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns the given charset or the default charset if the given charset is null . spec spec 
returns the operation result . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new xml element under the vcard namespace . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
is tinting enabled for the system navigation bar ? asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether the target architecture supports software breakpoints . asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
re arranges the indices array such that the points the asserts are on the right . asserts 
computes the number of seconds elapsed since the given time in milliseconds . spec spec spec asserts 
indicates whether the image source is a bufferedimage asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates the filter . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new input stream . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get children of the given psielement that extend are type of the given class spec spec spec 
return the next element in the iteration . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the builder with the given input settings and loads system properties settings if allowed . asserts 
renders the given fixture . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invalidates an entry in the cache . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates the view rotation depending on the given touch position also takes the starting angle into consideration 
creates a new instance of spec . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convenience method returning true if this field is private . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new data source config . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
attempts to prepare the request for a retry . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the value of the asserts property . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ensures the truth of an expression involving the state of the calling instance but not involving any parameters 
id of the user or community that owns the video . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an object representing server configuration xml . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ensure the the underlying array is large enough for the given number of entries . spec asserts 
returns the string identifying the given asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes this protocol op to an asn . output stream . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
waits for all queued audio to be played asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
a let is just an alternative syntax for bind asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
returns true if the given qualifier should be applied to the given type . spec spec asserts 
a factory method to build the appropriate luminancesource object based on the format of the preview buffers as 
creates new exception with given error message . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when the app navigates or refreshes . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new sizeaction object . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
guaranteed to throw an exception and leave the map unmodified . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
format a list using given pattern strings . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a reference to the type of an exception in a throws clause of a method . 
send a warn log message and log the exception . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
visitor method perform a type translation on tree . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
publishes the raw payload to a given topic . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the value of the isdefault property . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new get request starting from the provided request meaning that it will inherit its headers and 
changes the current charset . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called to check if this block can perform random tick updates . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether this is a switch for the given package . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
performs a string conversion for the given text based on the supplied formatter details . spec asserts 
delete the object from the database . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the last element in the tree rooted at the given element . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a qualified name from a type as string and a name qualifier . spec spec asserts 
creates the child nodes of the specified node . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the number of processors available on the machine asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string representation of this atr . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write a bit . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts a log j specific log level to a generic log level . spec spec spec spec 
handles r cases asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
handles edit site request . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
send a bad request response . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ensure that the list is alphabetically sorted . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests getting the name asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns a string representation of this parser notice . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
dispatch the request from a client asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
defines an environment variable value to use for the execution of all rabbitmq commands . spec asserts 
parses a utf constant pool entry . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gcd the first number is zero asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called before the request is executed using the underlying httpclient . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test atomic cache . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a asserts with the specified wit ? dth and the specified color . spec spec asserts 
send lldps to all switch ports asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
create a bitmapregiondecoder from the specified byte array . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
synthesizes a pattern string that represents the current state of this format object . spec spec asserts 
read file to string list a element of list is a line asserts spec spec spec asserts 
drainto this throws iae asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this is a no op . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
paints the border of a menu . spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return number of bytes available for reading . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
if str ends with one or more of the given suffixes the suffixes will be removed . 
copy a resource in the package directory to the indicated target file but only if the target file 
initializes the response using the provided input asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a new arc x classifier asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes a tree like representation of this node and all of its subnodes recursively to the supplied appendable 
determina si una carpeta es nueva o no asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
outputs a textual representation of the value of given field value . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a newvirtualinvokeexpr local base sootmethodref method list of immediate grammar chunk . spec spec spec asserts 
encode server side bandwidth event . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
notify the removed entry that is no longer being cached spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
connect to zookeeper . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
this constructs an instance from a factory and a notifier . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
are there any more elements ? spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
validates the expected partition values delete request . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
deletes a project with the given id . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test asserts with unsupported encoding asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
splits s with delimiters in delimiter and returns the last token spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
may be overridden to make different decisions about when to introduce a new lexical scope . asserts 
evaluates if a member possible from another package is visible from elements in a package . asserts 
metadata representation of a log spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a new event to the queue . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
match only exact matching as asserts can be too fuzzy spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a human readable summary of the sketch without data . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
helper method to load an image file from the classpath spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a general request property specified by a key value pair . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an attribute declaration . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
paints the border of a password field . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
rotates the view about the current center point . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
stop touch type detection . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
detaches the module of the dialogue system . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
registers dtoprovider for dto interface . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the bidirectional category of the character is strong . spec spec spec spec spec 
creates a description of the token without any private information spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove a property change listener asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
formats a header element . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new statement . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resets the input stream so that new read from the channel can be executed with wanted length . 
check if the double metaphone values of two string values are equal optionally using the alternate value . 
resolves the given member value pair and returns the binding for it . spec spec spec asserts 
translates a sql statement into the database grammar . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method called when asserts finds an omgraphic that fails the filter test . spec spec spec asserts 
create the gui control under the given parent . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new uninitialized cuda array d descriptor asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates log file header spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of de activate for . spec asserts 
check if the other entity is near enough to be in sight on the client screen . 
remove the listview divider spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
notifies controller of the received touch event . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
create a deep copy of the ast subtree at this node . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this function creates regionqueue on vms asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
decrements the running task count . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
records an end usage logging message to whichever logging endpoint is configured asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the value of the asserts property . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method just invokes the test utils method it is here for convenience spec spec spec asserts 
used to check if the file is raster format . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test whether two relation agree . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
power of has only a single bit on the highest bit . spec spec spec spec spec 
generates a uuid if val is either null empty or new . spec spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new annotation . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
deletes a datafile with the given id from the database spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines whether the instrumentation should be enabled . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a new instance of this ldap pre read response control with the provided information . asserts 
allows the other server process to indicate that it is ready to start asserts . spec asserts 
mapping a list of metric only massage its datapoints . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns the empty sorted map . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reverses the transition picking up where the transition currently is . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns whether any of the characters in s has the expected properties . spec spec spec spec 
prints a message of the specified kind at the location of the tree within the provided compilation unit 
find out whether spaces are being placed between tools . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a buildstatus with no flags initially set . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return true if and only if this cap contains the given other cap in a set containment sense 
ruft den wert der fromdhcp eigenschaft ab . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
retreives the refined soundex code for a given string object . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
creates a minimal video format . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an assignment from an existing one which is copied plus a single var value pair spec 
helper to construct a byte array from a bunch of bytes . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write out a tag with data comprising the required fields of this job and its client . 
register the device for gcm . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds an element to the element . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates the classifier . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a holder from an object digest info . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
process registered . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
n spec retrieve the internal symbol table entry for the symbol n spec spec spec spec spec 
instantiates a new evidence . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns if the deactivate link should be shown or not . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether it has the data sources . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
tells the camera to stop drawing preview frames . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates whether more input might change a successful match into an unsuccessful one . spec spec asserts 
has the player moved away including leaving the zone or logging out asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is the command currently applicable ? asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes sub array from string array . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this node is the head of its dominatortree . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether the given node and the other object match . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
optional sets the content you want to be sent with this result to the provided inputmessagecontent object 
reads the block table entries from the input . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts mode if the top is not created asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the operation to perform when this action is triggered . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create algorithmparameterspec with the block size . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the padding . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new ui object for the given component . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new tdoublehash instance with the default capacity and load factor . spec spec spec spec 
from the given uri this method creates a padded image that is ready to be made a tiny 
flushes this stream and returns the value of the error flag . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
transform the values in this map using function . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests this object for equality with an arbitrary object . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
scans the list of required and optional optimization data that characterize the problem . spec spec asserts 
see the general contract of the readdouble method of datainput . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
this constructs an instance from a factory and a notifier . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
closes this cache . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the sum of all values in this map . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
insert the value into its proper location . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts the given double to a localized string version . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a consumer to the list of listeners to be notified if the chronology changes . asserts 
test method ismalformed . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an object representing the construction of an array of the given type . spec spec spec 
checks if the test mode is on asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reset session based parameters . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
emit an opcode with a one byte operand field . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
sets the displayed region to the whole board . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts which provides access to a read only subset of the objects in the given 
see the general contract of the readfully method of datainput . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
paints the border of a root pane . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get display identifier . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reset the progress spinner to default rotation start and end angles . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generate hashcode based on value and asserts . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if specified element is shift expression or in the single statement of sub definition spec asserts 
very simple robots . txt parser which asserts all disallow lines regardless of user agent or whether there 
always returns true . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new media info exception . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove the given day from the list of excluded days spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
it will be restarted your view asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
trace the given text . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a null object always coerces to false . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
you are not supposed to instantiate this class . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates the font metrics the first time we re displayed . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a deep clone of this vector . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
source field definition . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
this function is called just before the termination of the current crawler instance . spec spec asserts 
removes any relevant edge objects found in this collection . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
deploy the handler representing the webapp to jetty . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates the version object based on the dimension of the original bit matrix from the datamatrix code . 
create a question . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes this cipher with a key and a source of randomness . spec spec spec spec spec 
adds a new style into the logical style hierarchy . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
start the playback . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resets the stream to the most recent mark or to the beginning if it has never been marked 
run just this test . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
creates a new host monitor configuration instance asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
shows an edit fixture dialog . . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the value of the askforpassword property . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new contributor instance . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method to generate the signature data using the given plugin spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method which checks the attribute set for the presence of asserts attribute . spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
perform a range scan for a set of records in the database . spec spec spec asserts 
util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a helpful debugging callback for testing and asserts your app . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes to the stream asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
read packet header . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
specifies the output stream asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
turns the given list of server uris into a single string . spec spec spec spec spec 
perform a linear scan batch knn for primitive distance functions . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the file name should be prefixed with fn . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the step that rolls back the delete of the cg from the recoverpoint appliance . spec asserts 
create an httpclient instance . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether the non repeating extension is present . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
evaluate an url userattr type . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compares the specified object with this ntsid for equality . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
id of the user or community that owns the video . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
robot wide initialization code should go here . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
first interrupts all the threads in the specified list and then waits until they have terminated . 
inserts a slice of the array of values into the list at offset . spec spec spec 
sets to rgba to ensure fluent asserts . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks to see if this destination exists . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create shell command . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a user from a asserts internally called when a valid real user contacts us spec asserts 
creates a stem annotation with same begin and end as the spec fs the value is the stemmed 
in instruction s replace all asserts of a symbolic register operand with uses of the appropriate spill location 
cast result object to a string . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new scheme . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new funcextfunction based on the qualified name of the extension and a unique method key . 
checks whether the given character array is in this filter . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
transforms a string like . into an integer representing it . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
removes a repository definition and notifies all registered listeners . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the target is alternated spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove all cookies in this cookie store . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks a string to make sure that it matches the search pattern . spec spec spec asserts 
indicates whether the specified dn is contained in this registry as a naming contexts . spec asserts 
extracts the raw id v tag data into a file . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether this text attribute is equivalent to the passed in object . spec spec spec asserts 
find and set the int value of a given field named name in the receiver . asserts 
create a consolehandler for system . err . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
apply the options to the asserts when it is shown . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
remove a css statement . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a plane from asserts points asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
id should ideally be unique amongst any other instances asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a new error handler with an empty loader queue . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prints a warning message to the console . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes an element from the element . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts the data after the backend call asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether the specified column is numeric . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
extract a metric group name from a jmx objectname . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
xor for two positive numbers of the same length asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this is used to determine if the class is an inner class . spec spec spec asserts 
pads the number to the specified padding . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find element by name asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a new instance of spec . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
allocate an array object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parse the json stats value and return asserts state with the calculated values from the json field . 
parses the given reader . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
render a frame according to the playback in the native aspect ratio for the specified media item . 
creates a new header with the specified parameters . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
the entry point of the test . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parses a xml property list from a byte array . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
load and return a graph from a resource . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add system properties as one argument line for i . e spec . gs . arg test asserts 
returns the number of nodes in the tree . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constucts a non temporal metadata object asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if field corresponding to fieldid is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise 
see the general contract of the readlong method of datainput . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a batch lookup operation . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
barrier for writes of floats into fields of instances i . e . spec spec spec asserts 
create a new axislayout . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when the host is going to be invisible for the user . spec spec spec asserts 
checks if given name is a constant name i . e if the name contains all caps and 
adds an element to the element . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates new gridify runtime exception with specified message and cause . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an overscroller . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
internal return true if this accessor represents a basic collection mapping . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a project for a specific user spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new atomicintegerarray with the same length as and all elements copied from the given array . 
ensures that the receiver can hold at least the specified number of elements without needing to allocate new 
stops engine cancels all running and scheduled display image tasks . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks for the present of key in the keys of the map . spec spec spec spec 
register a namespace prefix spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates the asserts build command line asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return an enumeration of user requests asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
applies the effects in this region kits or velocity to a player if the filter allows it . 
creates a new view node . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes a spring connector from the simulation instance . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
scan a comment . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
read data from given input stream like deserialize asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
to create a period by frequency asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a bundle containing a copy of the mappings from the given bundle . spec spec asserts 
assigns coordinates to nodes asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
returns true if the passed in object is equal to this object asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the default timeout of a socket write . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
process an attribute string of type t stringlist into a vector of xpath match patterns . asserts 
called whenever text is removed from this editor . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a listener to relay change events from the bounded range model . spec spec spec asserts 
create an action with a specific title . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
insert a node at a given position . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get is part unique index . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the sender information to the stack trace elements of the given exception . spec spec asserts 
return true if the response is a final response . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
receive notification of the end of a namespace mapping . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns the list of index settings and index settings groups that shouldn t be restored from snapshot 
creates a new meta data . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create and link new targets to an existing blocksnapshotsession instance . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if export button is enabled asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
true if there are no entries in the countermap false does not mean totalcount spec spec asserts 
test the computed multivariate multi info against that calculated by kraskov s own milca tool on the same 
helper method to create an array of objects . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method is package protected to be used in testing . spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
handles all processing required to remove the provided matching rule use from the server schema ensuring all other 
returns the object representation of the string text . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invalidated the user in session and also clears the spring security context . spec spec spec asserts 
subtract the supplied vector from this one . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
print the next nodes either out or in for the passed block depending on which way we are 
selects an event matching a predicate . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
refreshes this asserts s image to handle changes in the zoom level . spec spec spec asserts 
returns a subject for the given amidentity . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
deregisters port used by passed class . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
navigate traffic purchase activity to other apps need permission miui . permission . extra network spec asserts 
returns a test that will run each of the implementation specific test suites in turn . spec 
adds the given double value as a string version to the job s data map . asserts 
util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the approximate size of this set where the returned number is at least as big as the 
returns true of this is a message type . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
enqueue a message to this state machine . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
call landlord . cancel for each object in cookies passing cookies i . spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of the asserts class . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
main method allows us to run as a standalone demo . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
finds an existing engine or creates a new engine if needed requires engine s road and number 
deletes this project s directory structure . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
read the an instance of asserts class from json format spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
decides if the warn sign should be added for the specific column . spec spec spec asserts 
add steps to disable image access asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
routes the result to the awaiting plugin . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
derived class may have some additional context properties to add spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set a graph from which to get information spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of parenthesized expression . spec spec asserts 
asserts true or false depending on if this organization is enabled or not . spec spec asserts 
gets the fk attribute of the column object asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates the symbol . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write a png asserts chunk into the pngbytes array . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert bytes to md string asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
logs an event status . fatal with details spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
called when the screen has been turned off spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
invoked after an xbl content element has updated its selected nodes list . spec spec spec asserts 
if the target type seems to be common enough eagerly compile the invoker to bytecodes . asserts 
creates an instance using us english mapping asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add an observable . onpropertychangedcallback to viewmodel that will be removed on view destroy use this method to 
checks if a certain file is in a given directory . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
updates the designated column with a character stream value which will have the specified number of bytes . 
get the number of resident entries . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
cancel the output collection asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts time in milliseconds to time in minutes . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
send a notification to the other players involved in this action all players except the player starting the 
compares two cloudlets . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct new range . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the items from the receiver s list which are between the given zero relative start and end 
update layer style . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts object . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
propagator select propagation algorithm . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parses the attributes data for information of the sampled state of the vertex and sets the vertex to 
accepts a visitor . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if a x server timestamp header is set or not . spec spec spec spec asserts 
check which version of the textbox background should be used depending on the given color . asserts 
write a little endian bit integer . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the listeners . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a new sides enumeration value with the given integer value . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the least power of two larger than or equal to math . ceil expected f . 
sets the mode that dscaler should be configured to run in when it is used windows only 
generate the random byte to be sent asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
finishes writing compressed data to the output stream without closing the underlying stream . asserts spec asserts 
setting up images after layout changed . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new edgerenderer . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resets the iv to its original value . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
releases allocated resources . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns a scratch list suitable for accumulating entries during drawing . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove the current sub map . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
validates a template against the context type registered in the context type registry . spec spec asserts 
break up a class path string into its items and store in spec . spec spec asserts 
called before the vanilla shaders are applied to the screen spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if mod tx run flag is set asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clears current movement data from the screen asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called from draw when debug fps is enabled asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines the width of this view asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether the location has an ambience spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
translate function to text asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
returns true if this token is defined in user dictionary spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
close this connection . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
don t add checksum byte when computing checksum ! asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
allows the timer mbean to perform any operations it needs before being unregistered by the mbean server . 
create a new treedepthitemsorter that orders nodes such that parents are placed above their children . spec 
creates an event from a json string . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a parser for a list of zero or more values of the same type . spec spec 
a helper method which runs the given script file with the given command line arguments spec asserts 
creates a thread pool that can schedule commands to run after a given delay or to execute periodically 
search in project header roots only . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes an ascii string the the stream . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
match cookie domain attribute . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
http java . sun . com docs books jvms second edition html instructions . spec spec asserts 
load a set of rdf resources into the associated triple store and commit . spec spec asserts 
log the specified error . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
launch screen to confirm the existing lock pattern . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the server start id was found and false otherwise . spec spec spec asserts 
adds a payment method payment method type asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
populate option group . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the active flag to false . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a boolean indicating if the field is a reverse relationship . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
asserts get all the elements of a long array asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the generator with default values spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the value of property with specific key spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
calling this method is not legal on a preparedstatement . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove added stored entities . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
perform the user administration task add or remove users or administrators . spec spec spec spec spec 
adds a header field to the request . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parses the given json specification and extracts a list of column ids that are subject to recoding . 
stops the stopwatch . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a vista over a canvas whose width and height are zero and whose printable and pageformat are 
remove a privilege . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
send a verbose log message and log the exception . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the widgets . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
default thickness of . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
your magical buffs were dispelled because skillcaster used skillname on you . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether there are any previous tokens that can be iterated to . spec spec spec asserts 
calls a method on the underlying javascript object asynchronously . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
implementation is read only . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a multi page list selection dialog . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
parses the specified string as a signed decimal long value . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
read and return the next string . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
change the state of an annotation document . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
un registers all the statistics cache managed resource created for this member . spec spec spec asserts 
select the first codec that match a specific mime type spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes this timing specifier by adding the initial instance time to the owner s instance time list or 
convert byte datastream jpeg to an image in rgb asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates an additional details attribute in the resulting hashtables which effectively contains a plain text version of the 
returns a deep copy of this sha mdimpl object . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds an action listener to listen for button events . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
replaces most non alphanumeric characters in name with an underscore . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ensures that an object reference passed as a parameter to the calling method is not null . 
performs a binary search for the specified element in the specified sorted array . spec spec asserts 
constructs a new renderer . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
given a service actor proxy return a service reference . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a not equal value global parameter constraint . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an empty asset asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return a messagestore object asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the name of the stored template asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a connecttimeoutexception with a null detail message . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
serialize object to byte array . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the reduction with the specified root . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a node to the tree if it doesn t already exist asserts spec spec spec asserts 
stops the compactor outside the write lock . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs a dom builder using the standard parser configuration . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
validates a provided server context and if validation succeeds saves a server context with the user s team 
returns whether the device is an asserts . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an with the given message . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
your initial state tree asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
creates an sqldataexception object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method returns whether this cluster model should add the assignment as a label . spec asserts 
test for the bitstring to be all zero . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clear the dirty flag set dirty flag to false . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method to match the current token to a specified token type and value throws a syntaxexception if token 
set the value of the matrix element at column and row spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the resource for the specified key asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
should only be called by the asserts . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get an enumeration of the keys of the jsonobject . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
public method to validate system name for configuration returns true if system name has a valid meaning in 
constructs a marshal exception with a default minor code of a completion state of completionstatus . completed no 
returns a hash code for this instance . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes rows that do not match the provided having clause spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test whether or not a string matches against a pattern . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set the checked state of the all messages as true or false asserts spec spec spec asserts 
short node representation . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method was generated by mybatis generator . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a jms connectionfactory with the specified name connected to a single live backup pair of servers . 
resets the unique id counter . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the bytes contained in this nsdata object . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
initializes the diskbasedcache by scanning for all files currently in the specified root directory . spec asserts 
creates a new instance of ngramgaussnormsymwindocument . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a newinterfaceinvokeexpr local base sootmethodref method list of immediate grammar chunk . spec spec spec asserts 
s alliance has left the alliance league . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invokes the closure for each descendant file in this directory . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clears the online status of all players used on server startup spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used for debugging and unittests asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns the sort object represented by the string or null if default sort by score descending should be 
converts the input numeric text to the internationalized form using the zero character . spec spec asserts 
put a key boolean pair in the jsonobject . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert the name into user readable string . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the members . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the empty values . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the duration of this time interval . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method initializes from a stream . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
copies a zip entry to a temporary file . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test read and write full clusterpolicy object asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts that the specified document ids do do not exist in the index using both the specified client 
to ease porting of swing form asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether the matrix a is symmetric and positive definite . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
evaluates whether an expression is true or false . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new builder spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
measures the number of elements and the size of this cache in bytes and logs it . 
resets the value of the associated attribute . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
receive notification of character data . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string representation of this object . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a step with the given target . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
loads the call graph views of a module . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
skips the input matching the end of a sequence and preceding space characters . spec spec asserts 
clears the state of this instance . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a node has left the cluster asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if a given location is a valid i . e . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates new instance of spec . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
if a subtraction results in nan i . e inf inf does not perform the computation . 
handle broken serialization from other tools . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes a single ofmessage to a switch asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a consensus message . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test for task inclusion exclusion when additional filter is specified like assignee no order . spec asserts 
load the user displayed icon for this device admin . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes default values for local fields . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this utility class cannot be instantiated asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
note blank nodes within a query are treated as anonymous variables even when we are in a told 
called when the map has been initialised and is ready to be used . spec spec asserts 
low level access to decoding ascii characters in the form of a byte array . spec asserts 
attempts to do an in place rewrite of the exif metadata using the tags in this exifinterface object 
unsubscribe from one or more topics spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
paint copy background to component asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
construct a new signal spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
increments the primitive value mapped to key by spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an off heap region . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether two filenames are equal optionally normalizing and providing control over the case sensitivity . asserts 
heapify up method for ary heap . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether to include the template with the given name in the database or not . spec 
notify all neighbors of a block update to let them realize our output changed . spec asserts 
this method returns true if the expected and detected arguments are the same . spec spec asserts 
determines whether or not a value is of slavo germanic orgin . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an empty model of test context . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new retriever that will retrieve icons from the specified location . spec spec spec asserts 
represents a pair of any type of object . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
synchronized string uuid generation convenience method . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
http java . sun . com docs books jvms second edition html instructions . spec spec asserts 
parses a sequence value node and builds the corresponding xforms ui control . spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a new composite text file change . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the size of this cp info object . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the provided string argument is to be considered a coordinate . spec spec asserts 
hook method called when view is touched . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clears all bits . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs an instance of the asserts differencing algorithm . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add this coord instance to another one to return the sum of the coords spec spec asserts 
builds the cmd with parameters to run svm hmm train spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
does nothing since asserts do not contain text children . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets cache configuration for grid with specified name . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
tests that no pre asserts authorization headers are sent by the client . spec spec spec asserts 
recycles the asserts popup . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
put an action in front of the queue so that it s executed next or close to next 
creates a new guacamoletunnel which synchronizes access to the guacamole instruction stream associated with the underlying guacamolesocket . 
constructs a new instance from the on the wire bytes for this attribute including the prefixing attribute type 
checks whether the map contains the specified value . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
answers the inverse of the receiver computed via the crl algorithm . spec spec spec spec spec 
installs the event listeners for the ui . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
execute a chat command . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
quality which we should generate the image asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a memorynotificationinfo object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
execute a fulltextsearch from the request parameters asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
create a user and set creation date asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
stores the address value in the memory location pointed to by the current instance plus the passed offset 
reverses the elements of the receiver . spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a query expression that represents a greater than or equal to constraint on two values . 
set auth callback . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new nativepooledbytebuffer instance by reading in the entire contents of the byte array spec asserts 
generate a key parameter for use with a mac derived from the password salt and iteration count we 
marks the receiver so that the next time this instance is laid out it ll ask for the 
decodes data from web safe base notation . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
collects all valid files inside a directory . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
string representation in given coordinate order . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
helper function which may be used when implementing fragmentpageradapter asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
figure out vertical placement based on mgravity asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
determines whether the default behavior is inherited . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reconnect failed connection . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new creator object . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parse the header . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a sortedset composed of the elements of the first sortedset minus the elements of the given iterable 
free a tag for reusing asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
simulate touching the center of a view and dragging to the top of the screen . asserts 
you reduced your flight time by num by using skillname . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize the contents of the frame . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set the maximum number of milliseconds an idle pooled connection will be be kept . spec asserts 
creates the initial version file asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns algname for oid asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prints the given object to the streams for throwables we print the stack trace . spec asserts 
returns the index of the right child of the element at index i of the heap . 
creates a asserts with the specified flag values . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
visits a multianewarray instruction . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns the sub entries . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
requests read of the loconet fast clock asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates the rendering buffer . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method populates the local trace vector manager by using the spec annotations that it finds on a 
put a key double pair in the jsonobject . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the year component . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of version spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates underlying database table using daos . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
divide remainder is zero asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
don t validate the inferred module since all validation information should be available on the ast elements . 
returns whether horizontal grid lines at minor ticks along the x axis are drawn . spec asserts 
a loop which simply waits for the login to be completed . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
attempts to sort the given dependencies according to their contents so that dependents come after spec . 
main asserts method controls all other methods do not overwrite unless necessary asserts spec spec spec asserts 
executes asserts command . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new file tree node . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
try to reduce memory use . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
profile fields to return . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return a list of registered mbeanserver objects . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
run a garbage collection . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prefixes file to the file s absolute path . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the number of keys in this hashtable . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
see if we can gc after a failed load . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
resets this object to be an enumeration of the given utf string . spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new framebodytdtg datatype . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a asserts without establishing a connection to the server with the default protocol collection . spec 
a collection page for drive . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
perform the actual read of a byte read barrier . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
visits an annotation on a type in the method signature . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an algorithm initialization exception originating from the specified algorithm with the given message . spec asserts 
creates an id for a particular class with a well known identifier . spec spec spec asserts 
restore the shapes from the input stream into this collections not part of api and subject to change 
react to slider moves asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
processes all global arrays names with specific processor spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a asserts object with an empty detail message . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
expand the clip in all directions by the given value . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a field to be highlighted with a provided fragment size in characters and default number of fragments 
tests a given byte array to see if it contains only valid characters within the base alphabet . 
get an iterator over the files found by the search . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns a new instance of spec . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add an attr to the config spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if float array contains given value . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
flatten out all video in the stream of movies into a stream of videoids spec spec spec 
write the given string to a new line in the log file asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks that the given value is a signed byte . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a pkcs scheme parameters generator . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
changes the text on the given label making it invisible if the text is empty or visible again 
returns the flag that controls whether or not the mean indicator is draw for each item . 
throw exception if value out of range long version asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the provided argument to the set of global arguments handled by this parser . spec asserts 
creates a spliterator using the given iterator for a source of unknown size reporting the given characteristics . 
draws a closed polygon defined by arrays of x and y coordinates . spec spec spec spec 
make the badge non visible in the ui . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this classifier has an incoming connection that is a batch set of instances spec 
find a lower or upper bound in the suffix array . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
overridden for performance reasons . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
retrieves the last stored location and sends it as a url spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
unconditionally emit imports for unresolved files . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts with the specified binsize and a default number of bins such that hours are 
adds an event listener object called when coins are received . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
removes node property . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
inverse asserts transformation extract embedded bit check quantization boundaries asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
respond with a ctcp response to the user asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the caller must pass in a class lt ? asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tells whether this stream is ready to be read . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
returns size of iterable . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when loading from file asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asynchronously clears the actor s state . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests this instance for equality with an arbitrary object . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resets variables maintaining updates to the identity value . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get number of elements . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the number of key value pairs in the object . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
mousepressed final function . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
default epsilon for finite difference method asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new asserts instance with o as the user object . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new asserts with a defaultresourceloader . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get include nulls in campaign . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads a single character . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a key to address the tile information associated with the specified draw context . spec spec 
writes a byte without any possibility of all that field header spec . spec spec spec asserts 
register the scheduler in the local mbeanserver . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this layoutmanager method does nothing . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
create a dom builder . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new ui object for the given component . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds an element to the element . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create migration exception with provided message . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks the sequential validity of the given array of fractions . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
build events data as marshalled string of xml data . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
creates a request for removing the registration information from the lwm m server . spec spec asserts 
add a neuron group representation to the canvas . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns information about the authentication scheme . spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
turns a dim path into an encoded string . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates new instance of class which implements specified dto interface parses specified json string and uses parsed data 
showing google speech input dialog asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
add assignment to the list asserts asserts s comments this is actually called when clicking on add for 
unmarshals the given xml . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
complex condition for ch asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
no error checking here as this called by trusted library code . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the color code for the given red green blue and alpha values . spec spec spec 
creates a new drag control that invokes an action upon drag events . spec spec spec asserts 
discards all keyevents which were enqueued because of one or more calls to enqueuekeyevents with the specified component 
sets the divider that appears before and after the wrapped adapters items . spec spec spec spec 
defines a new variable using an ast variable . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a asserts object with file filter parameters to be specified later . spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
applies the provided modification to an entry . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
appends a long value followed by a new line to the string builder using string . valueof . 
construct smell source from specified parameters . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
presents the input graph to fci and checks to make sure the output of fci is equivalent to 
adds the components of a composite name in order to the end of this composite name . 
utility function to implement asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
invoked when a mouse button has been pressed on a component . spec spec spec spec spec 
cube pruning requires that the grammar be sorted based on the latest feature functions . spec asserts 
log a message at the warn level according to the specified format and arguments . spec asserts 
description to display in the gui . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes timestamps at a given time with the given types . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
checks if every element is the character sequence is whitespace . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new scanner object . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
native checks are often asserts to asserts trick so here we call through to our native root checker 
constructs a rendercontext with a given transform . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the maximum number of bytes that can be read or skipped over from this audio input stream 
register a handler in the package manager for a image capture intent asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test if an attribute is constant zero . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
manually add a command to the command queue . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new asserts for the specified document . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
shear along x axis spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this rpentity is asserts . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts object . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert a solrdocument to a solrinputdocument . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
builds an instance of this class from the overridden transform . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts all separators to the windows separator of backslash . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prints a node entity . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
lock to prevent both puts and takes . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
renders the details of a single virtual array . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if the product instance is able to handle bes side user management . spec spec asserts 
appends a string representation of this virtual attribute rule to the provided buffer . spec spec asserts 
constructs a new empty set that orders its elements according to the specified comparator . spec asserts 
construct a asserts from a asserts of an existing attributedcharacteriterator . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
reads an object from in using the asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create instance of document outline . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the actual output directory if not already set . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns the substring to the right of the specified substring in the specified string starting from the left 
prepares the table view of the attributes list for use and populates it with the attributes which have 
resets the layout manager based on orientation and messages it with spec to pull in appropriate components . 
just for externalizable . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
create a new open plot action . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resets the heap byte array . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes all the files specified in the array in os filesystem spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
load and initialize a properties file from the default path spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize the work list for the dataflow equation system . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs person record . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a asserts with the specified detail message . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
open a programmer for this address asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
generates bit hash from a substring . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
setup early injector which is responsible for asserts providing dependencies to runtime components . spec spec asserts 
invoked when an implementation specific notification is received from the spec stack . spec spec spec spec 
checks if unwrap can return an object of this class . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new request . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this will translate a vector in to an equivalent integer spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a new asserts and inserts into the graph . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
returns a new instance with the specified number of days taken away . spec spec spec spec 
visits a local variable instruction . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
insert a new element into the heap satisfying the heap property . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this class ignores the refresh parameter which is just not needed here . spec asserts spec asserts 
devuelve true si el nodo es nuevo asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
string describing default filter . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
paints the table a focused row border . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculate the fee for a spend asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a abstractquerybuilder instance that can be used to build api request with various parameters spec asserts 
tests that the spinner is shown when loadsearchresults is called . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
if the lock state matches the given stamp performs one of the following actions . spec asserts 
generates noise for the d coordinates using the specified number of octaves and parameters spec spec asserts 
round off to two decimal big decimal value . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creating a filepath for vlt files asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the ending date of this range as a timestamp instance . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a batchstatus and initializes it based on an exception . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new normal view action . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new empty asserts . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts a segment into a string . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new coloranimator that processes the specified group . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add rule to perform a custom operation asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance using the supplied producer factory and asserts false . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new unabletoredirectexception . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
send request to r repl and return response asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
creates an already completed task from the given value . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
creates default singleton instance of manager by initializing manager dependencies with default values processors . spec spec 
returns the string representation of the function node . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
human readable representation of the edge . spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new entry from the specified symbol information and next entry reference . spec spec asserts 
returns whether the stream is closed . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
validates the input . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
removes if exists a registered filtered sample listener asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
copy nodelist members into this nodelist adding in document order . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
decode an image using the hints provided . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a free standing transaction output . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
it adds the appropriate table to this panel . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
provides a deep copy of this neuron . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
logs message to saml access logs . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
clear the eventlisteners . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
it is used to get the settings object in order to change settings spec asserts spec asserts 
get the next value . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if field header is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise spec asserts 
allows disabling enabling asserts globally asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
the function is used to load the model . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
main retry loop of the ip reconfiguration procedure . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this header allows all contentsubtypes false otherwise . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add the specified table to the list of tables . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
shuts down this service asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
open google play store application with an application given . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
normalizes all rows in the tables associated with each of node in turn . spec spec asserts 
cannot map from a byte asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test for write int method assertion broken digestoutputstreaminstance associated messagedigest not set . spec spec spec spec 
returns true if the current thread is the thread painting . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
initialises and checks validity of files . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether last call to run gave a converged result . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method creates grid data for text field . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method to force cancel requests with the given tag asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates whether this reader is ready to be read without blocking . asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
connect to existing process asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
set the components of this vector to be the component wise minimum of this and the other vector 
creates an unmodifiable search result entry using the provided response . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a close frame . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prints the stack trace of the root exception to standard error stream . spec spec spec asserts 
attach in asserts using the full frame . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines if the given path is associated with the default local file system . spec spec spec 
seconds remain until you can cast it again . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method is called after the activation of this tool and may by extended clients . spec 
build a asserts for a linear problem . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test get jboss war context when jboss web . xml with root context . spec spec spec 
returns a formatted time string using the java . text . dateformat . medium formatting technique spec 
track when permissions requests are allowed spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
visits an interface bound of the last visited formal type parameter . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
testbit int n of a positive number spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates new instance from proto message . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance of referencetype asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
menu item for set custom menu item to swipeable card . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns the seconds from midnight that this time object represents spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
passes double click events to the nodes to handle them . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
creates a new api breakpoint manager object . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes a place where link link asserts can be added into zones so i assume that this class 
formats a type name in a readable version . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a matte look border using a solid color . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sends the supplied message to the log area . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
marks object to be saved as indirect . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
construct a new point set loader . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the application s mqttdevice asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
record the completed rule with asserts for later cube pruning . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
peak into the stream for the asserts signature . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
select elements from current list asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a list of storage files from the collection of storage file entities . spec spec spec 
clear the buffer after use . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
action to be performed asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
redirects back to the referrer if set . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculates a asserts given the list of leaf hashes and which leaves need to be included . 
add an overlay to the panel . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clears the user approval level cache for unit testing when the same user id may have different approval 
clears the wifi configs and connects to the given network spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a new instance of spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
wraps an observable such that anything subscribed to is automatically added to this asserts spec spec asserts 
stop count down hide count down info asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
no op . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
creates an empty stack . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an intersection finder which tests if there is at least one interior intersection . spec spec 
the entry point of the test . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove a synapse group . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new simple arguments bundle implementation from provided key gt value map . spec spec spec 
drops the underlying database table . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parses the namespaces parameter section . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
notification that the web application initialization process is starting . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
inner method which handles the device class names request . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
print a message reporting an out of resources error . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cuts an object from a world . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
wrapper to random d n asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
performs a binary search for the specified element in the specified sorted array . spec spec asserts 
constructs a transient exception with a default minor code of a completion state of completionstatus . completed no 
merge the value it will update the max aggregate value if aggregator passed as an argument will have 
you are not supposed to instantiate this class . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the length of the itable asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts for the specified dlockservice and dm . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
set all values in the file load first to avoid overwriting spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clears the stack . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
saves the graph to the specified writer . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the distance between two pointer touch points asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
run one iteration of the game of life asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to retrieve the number of lines in a file . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sends a put request with with the specified asserts in the if match option and blocks until the 
combine two integer ids into a long value . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether verbose logging should be output for a given tag . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs csvreader with all data entered . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
change context to draw this window surface asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
finds the maximum value in each column of a matrix . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
string describing default classifier . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
true if this store supports the exactly once operation mode . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts the next message is equals to a string literal . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
emit event when book changed asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parses an ascii property list from an input stream . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new message object . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
nothing to do after drag completed . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true of false if the fields should be included based on the asserts spec spec asserts 
tick a specific block position finding the valid blocks immediately adjacent to it and then replacing one at 
metodo que comprueba si existe la variable de la entidad sino para incluirla como threadlocal . spec 
test for getinstance string algorithm string provider method assertion throws nosuchproviderexception when provider is not available spec 
formats time based on seconds asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a new longsparsearray containing no mappings . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
factory method creates a new asserts given the number of seconds spec spec spec spec spec spec 
closes underlying streams and resources . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
notifies listeners that the criterium changed . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
logout from codenvy saas . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
method to store a set of stepinstances that are potentially asserts all in one transaction . asserts 
returns true if field asserts is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise spec asserts 
adds a value to the value of this instance . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reset the chaining variables asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add private field to the class asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
initialize the contacts library asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
p called party id header asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
evaluates the kernel at two given points asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new foo with the primary key . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
updates the time between this tag and the last with the same id and calculates the new average 
constructs an rsa sha signature object for signing asserts asserts spec asserts asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
notify observers of an inotification . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write an enum field including tag to the stream . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
when true use the async manager to wait for reads rather than blocking . spec spec asserts 
check whether the scroll event has a fast enough speed to trigger a side swipe . asserts 
is the current record active asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parses a long from a big endian byte array . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a value to the set . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the hashcode of a asserts object is the sum of the hashcodes of its field values . 
ceiling log x . . . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
lists all tables in the spreadsheet . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
handles client request and sends reply to the client . spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs a hashchain filled with the contents of the src chain . spec spec spec spec spec 
counts the number of occurrences of the given value inside this array . spec spec spec spec 
null safe comparison of comparables . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sends a chat message to a remote contact asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a new instance of spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
define a natural ordering based on data and datatype . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
deletes the script group from the workload . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
you can add sections to filter the input specification so livingdoc will only execute the specified sections . 
because a boolean expression may not be evaluated completely it is important to keep the registers clean 
asserts that there is a wrapped connection to delegate to . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the current state of the specified command . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
give linkedhashmap a chance to take action when we modify an existing entry . spec spec asserts 
dismiss all popup menus overflow and submenus . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
return a string representation of a decoded cbus message asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an empty texture . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a regular entry spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a child node to this one . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
merge this model with another model . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
inserts a parameter type at the beginning of the parameter list represented by the given descriptor . 
sets the column width based on percentage of the parent spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
read the am pm marker string . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resets the popup to an initial state . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns the number of keys defined in the map . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
is this formatter capable of parsing . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new instance of the exception using the explanation message specified . spec spec spec asserts 
requirement for mutable table . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
get a suitable debug string . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds an icon that tracks an offset in the document and is displayed adjacent to the line numbers 
creates a storage policy create request . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
attempts to build a normal java . net . url instance from this url . spec asserts 
register a namespace prefix spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
decodes a string native for use as a dataflavor . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the nth element . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the type of the wrapped object . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the value of the asserts property . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if the string is a usage acl string asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
increments the counter for a connection . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
draw the entity status bar . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns arect s height . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
gets the to . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
closes the instance . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
configure a zone . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines whether a bridge method should be discarded . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
receive notification of cdata . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
treat empty as alloc treat singletons for empty sets etc . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
serializes group feature reply asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes a placemark . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
intersects the current clip with the specified rectangle . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether the device has the same timestamp as the existing build on disk . spec asserts 
creates a line border that uses the given color for the component asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this adds a property descriptor for the from channels feature . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create result as property with name from attribute asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns index of subset instance is assigned to . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
produce a function call for the asserts udf function . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a property to the fixed properties set . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create the frame . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true in case the referenced component managed by this class loader asserts spec spec spec asserts 
inverts the selection in a graph . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds an element to the element . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
disconnect all asserts from their respective asserts cleanly . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new dtmiterator that holds exactly one node . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calls the item long click listener for the child with the specified index spec spec spec asserts 
default write timeout in milliseconds . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
locates the index of val . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set maximum size for result cropped image . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
producing an update statement without clause . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add the node into a vector of nodes where it should occur in document order . asserts 
unlocks an object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
append an object value . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resolves reference to possible referred elements . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
encode the header content into a string . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
coverts given longs array to array of booleans . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
darkens a color by a given factor . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates vcscommitstyleimpl with specified text and background color and text style . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
adds a required project entry . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates whether some other object is equal to this one . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return if message exists in database and is not in removed state asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find the instance of a given class type that is closest to a given instance . asserts 
remote search has been completed . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test a file . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resets the latch and initializes the shared acquisition counter to zero . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calls the equivalent method on the proxied quartzscheduler . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when a match loads . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts the specified glu tessellator error number to a string description . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the to part of the range query . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
opens an input stream to a given url . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new tlongfloathashmap instance with a prime capacity equal to or greater than initialcapacity and with the 
returns all of the cookies from a set of http response headers . spec spec spec asserts 
adds a new style into the style hierarchy . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
decode the path component of a uri as path segments . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
decrements the internal index . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if the class is valid by asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the value of the asserts property . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if o is equal to this . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
factory method for observedobject creation . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an envelope from an existing envelope . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an immutable map containing the same entries as the provided sorted map with the same ordering . 
implements the abstract method simulatemethod . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a formatter for a full ordinal date using a four digit year and three digit dayofyear asserts 
get iterator on all set filters asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
send a namespace declaration in the output document . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
evaluate the type . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
evaluate this operation directly to a double . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
generates bit hash from a string . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tells whether this clean up requires to be informed about changed regions . spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a commandapdu from the four header bytes command data and expected response data length . asserts 
returns the count of padstacks in this object . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an servicenotfoundexception with the specified error code . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
repeat frame of spritesheet asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns a copy of the object or null if the object cannot be serialized . spec spec 
it is allowed that user can register their own entity spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts the specified integer into its binary string representation . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
allows a window to be modified in place by multiplication by another window . spec spec asserts 
sets the content type that will be used when generating a document from user provided objects like map 
checks if a subregion of a segment is equal to a character array . spec spec asserts 
write a single entity entry to the json stream . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
limits the range of v to be between min and max . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a noun or an noun depending on the first syllable . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this adds a property descriptor for the history region feature . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
action item for add delete status set in asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get an optional long value associated with a key or zero if there is no such key or 
binds the given source to a lifecycle . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts object . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
do not break lines but still insert whitespace between values . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
edit a node in a kd tree asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
registers item stacks . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create the next round to be used . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reverse all elements in a block . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes all live attributes for this element . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes expired asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return a tap target for the overflow button from the given toolbar note this is currently experimental use 
mapper for custom role asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
save to a stream as a java class . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
created extended buffered reader using default buffer size asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create the exception object with default values . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
finds the key with maximum count . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string representation of this jtoolbar . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new byte array output stream with a buffer capacity of the specified size in bytes . 
returns a random number between start inclusive and end inclusive . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
return true if empty asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adjust the scroll value . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
implementation of the parse reader string method defined in the rdfparser interface . spec spec spec spec 
constructs a dynamically typesafe view of the specified listiterator . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
puts the given type reference and type path into the given bytevector . spec spec spec spec 
visits a try catch block . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
generate a simple runtime configuration with specific services . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a synapse dialog from a collection of spec . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
limits the number of cores the task group can use to the number you pass in to this 
parses output of git version command . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts for a katharsis server . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
rehashes the contents of this map into a new intkeymap instance with a larger capacity . spec 
transform a human readable dna sequence into internal . . bytes . spec spec spec spec spec 
log a config message which is only to be constructed if the logging level is such that the 
the guess api is defined in the parent class asserts . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generate a base clause for an enum type . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
saves a photo after being successfully uploaded . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds an event property for which the engine uses the supplied xpath expression against a dom document node 
scale the vector in place . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
we have an ofmessage we didn t expect given the current state and we want to ignore the 
append a node onto the vector . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
write a variable size int . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
deep merge a json object and the defaults array asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates new asserts dialog where the parent is a dialog . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a new method handle object asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculate the number of bits required to store . . range . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
visits the given type specific ast node . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
increment the event counter by value spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
deprecated use the more specific event handler methods instead spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
prepare common variables to access the git repository . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates noise for the d coordinates using the specified number of octaves and parameters spec spec asserts 
asserts that the specified notification is a balance credit notification . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
internal routine to handle a timeout spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compares this string to the specified object . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
create a new element inserted in the tree at the position of t and enclosing t . 
instantiates a new before extended . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get a node by its inet address asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
provides a mapping from the view coordinate space to the logical coordinate space of the model . 
determines if the status . state is one of the specified states in the given array of states 
serialize the fields of this object to out . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
causes this printer to not emit any line numbers or any whitespace padding . spec spec asserts 
sets the session timeout . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines if the cropper should focus on the center handle or the side handles . spec asserts 
find a widget at the coordinate x y in the current selection taking the decorator visibility in account 
pushes a new type onto the output frame stack . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
validates business object format ddl object instance against specified parameters . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
scans the name of an element in a start or empty tag . spec spec spec asserts 
called when the file is ready to be played . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
wrap a sql exception that occurred while data accessing . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parses out the text located between first occurrences of the open and closed tags . spec asserts 
find the unique exports for the given asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
this is used to determine if the cursor has reached the start of the list . asserts 
add attribute choice values to an existing attribute . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts x i x i mean x std x this function can deal with nans spec asserts 
create a asserts policy based on the passed policy name spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates an sqlintegrityconstraintviolationexception object . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the minimum of three double values . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines if the application doesn t mind if the mechanism obtains the required credentials from outside of the 
returns ldap entries that match the filter using the start dn provided in method spec spec asserts 
creates a shape from a d vector shape . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a constant to include in the computation . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests that we can run a backup followed by a restore using explicit names . spec spec 
create a copy of a page . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
subtract billing offset from billing invocation time and set hour minute second and millisecond to . asserts 
generate a lazypstackx from the provided supplier up to the provided limit number of times spec asserts 
end work flow of the given cancelled receipt spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of spec . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of class clazz as a child of container . spec spec spec spec 
sets if the line chart should be filled outside its line . asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
flushes the helper canceling the current parsing operation if there is one . spec spec spec asserts 
returns the index within this character sequence of the last occurrence of the specified character searching backwards starting 
renders the three axis in space for debugging purposes only spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check user permission for the specified value . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
close all the cached connections . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculate the log likelihood of the current state . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
decode a buffer of data into a raster with the specified location . spec spec spec spec 
creates a new action filter with the specified action mask . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts that an object isn t null . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert uint into char we treat char as uint asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
nextlong bound returns value bound repeated calls produce at least two distinct results spec spec spec asserts 
is the r flag set asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
get the month from a date value . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates a valid ascii property list in gnustep format which has this nsdictionary as its root object . 
mouse button was released asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets any initial data with which to populate the conversation context spec map . spec spec asserts 
transform half width char to full width char asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gwt friendly method that extracts name of the package from class . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
internal query to resolve the devices to many relationship of asserts . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test griddeploymentmode . isolated mode . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
finishes the current activity and starts the startup activity . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the type for a histogram function . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets a new base color and updates the preview . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
open an existing persistent bigdata instance . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
visits the enclosing class of the class . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds and returns asserts cross reference asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
create a new bigdata instance using the specified options and filename . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
change the amount for the recharge and emit new object on stream . spec spec spec asserts 
find servlet class in default asserts directory but use the internal spec file methode to load the class 
creates and returns an instance of asserts . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a jsonobject from a map . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a virtual epsilon transition between source and dest . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an instance of this class . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new x principal from a given asn . der encoding of a distinguished name . 
return an additional likes field asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
number of comments to return maximum . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
send a verbose log message . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
open pdf document in stamping mode . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
helper function for missing values in the labels . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new page record asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this affinetransform represents the same affine coordinate transform as the specified argument . asserts 
displays a message box . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an empty filepermissioncollection object . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this function implements the semenatics of the asserts directive . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a string containing the encoded form of the hidden bug categories asserts spec spec spec asserts 
displays a message to the user and returns messageservice . yes option if the user selects yes and 
this read method will read the contents of the xml document from the provided source and convert it 
make the badge non visible in the ui . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compute the number of bytes that would be needed to encode an enum field including tag . 
tell if the character argument that is from an attribute value has a mapping to a string . 
updates the designated column with a java . sql . time value . spec spec spec spec 
creates the list model of the plugin list . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called on ondown event . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
read data from reader r in the appropriate way as determined by our type . spec asserts 
special method for adding a session cookie as we should be overriding any previous . spec asserts 
event finish date in asserts format asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the capability is a other capability asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
multiply this quaternion by the quaternion represented via qx qy qz qw . spec spec spec asserts 
make sure the supplied matrix components are those of a symmetric matrix asserts spec spec spec asserts 
flips the given polygon about its center along the x axis and returns the result as a new 
returns a uri property matcher that matches a uri property against the given uri . spec asserts 
async reduce with combiner asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
acquires in exclusive interruptible mode . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a uri based on given uri string . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the list of keys . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this must be called after creation from the artifactinfofactory after this class has been put into the global 
returns a string representation of the weighted sample spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the fully qualified type name of the given signature with any type parameters and arrays erased . 
given one of the axis values resolve it to an absolute axis . spec spec spec spec 
factory method to create an array type member . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a logrecord with the given level and message values . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
notify the host application that the webview will load the resource specified by the given url . 
convert an asserts exception to a database exception . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
make newchild occupy the location that oldchild used to have . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a scanner that covers a range of records . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
recreate inline data sources for user layers . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
encodes data from the given source file contents and writes them in the given target file . 
update panel according to settings asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
send a fatal error log message asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a handshaker for asserts a dtls session with a client following the full dtls handshake protocol . 
serializes a string array with the specified separator asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
replaces the occurrences of the specified parameter with the specified value in the specified text file . 
creates a new asserts . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
computes result of splitting criterion for given training and test distributions and given default distribution . spec 
creates and returns a formatted aligned multi line string representation of this object spec spec spec asserts 
write to the connected outstream . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculate spherical azimuth between two points with double precision . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts to linux bash asserts toch create file if not exist spec change last modified date asserts 
construct demographic model with default settings asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
performs a deep copy on other . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
exp expression as alias expression asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
asserts returns the position of p to p and p spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
define the content which is shown on the right of the crossfader asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads in the fields from the given stream . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
partition the given files into the specified bins trying to approximately balance the size of the bins according 
returns true if this service has global sub schema . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
writes data from the byte array into this message meaning into the buffer backing this message . 
construct a new mi calculator with default time difference of between the variables spec spec spec spec 
returns a buffer to the pool throwing away old buffers if the pool would exceed its allotted size 
encrypt a string using public key located in truststore . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns string representation of this asserts . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
increments the drop count . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the text matched by the current regular expression . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
joins together the results from several patterns . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new uninitialized entry to be populated by the gdata parsers . spec spec spec asserts 
test escape sequence series . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
allows a map to be iterated through in reverse order using a closure . spec spec asserts 
compare two objects for equality . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an in memory assignabledynamicgroup object . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts the supplied value to a string . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sorts the given map and returns a subset which is asserts by a lower and an upper limit 
test of remove method of class auditservicethreadqueueimpl . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
save the bluetooth on off state asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a query template using the given mixin class and association . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
store the specified server properties . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a ziperror with the given detail message . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
should the merge only expunge deletes from the index without full merge . spec spec spec asserts 
boxing casts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
stop s all bridge servers attached asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a shallow copy . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
only used for fake recipe handlers to show something in nei do not use this for adding actual 
parse json text into java object from the input source . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find the fields constant that matches fieldid throwing an exception if it is not found . asserts 
returns a range from the given endpoint which may be either inclusive closed or exclusive open with no 
deletes an object with the given key spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
removes the configuration created from a config definition file located at spec . spec spec spec asserts 
fills the specified range in the array with the specified element . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
perform an asynchronous min operation asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prepend an element to buffer . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method is called with the elapsed fraction of the animation during every animation frame . spec 
parses a deployment descriptor provided as input stream . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parse the digit value attribute for a unicode character . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test of getf method of class abstractthrottle . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
select also all items belonging to any connected set of the current selected items . spec asserts 
validation method which checks is an integer number is positive spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add occurred eventstream time asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
samples from the distribution . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
provides a mapping from the view coordinate space to the logical coordinate space of the model . 
returns true if the session should yield the connection due to contention over available database connections . 
documentcallsfunction clenqueuewritebuffer documentqueue asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
initialization of the servlet . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
will update all the references to availability indicators for commands spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
wait until the connection is closed asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
zooms out by . f from the charts center . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
useful during union operation to force insert a value into the union gadget . spec spec asserts 
returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of named element . spec spec spec 
adds a set of a given value to a map . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if file creating is ok with the rules for the resource interface to not change this rules 
determines whether this mechanism has completed . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the crystal effect of the lcd display will be drawn . spec spec spec 
removes all of the instructions of this list . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
loads the layout from the passed resource int asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the value of the asserts property . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize the dialog . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a long value derived from a timeduration instance . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the number of views mapped done this far asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct an empty bytearray asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
checks if the number of input arguments is exactly . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an instance of the associated element type . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
extracts parameters that can possibly match some attributes of carrot algorithms . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
send a fatal error log message asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes animator creates alarm and sets tree builder spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
suspends encoding of the stream . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new fieldbodyimg datatype . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests that a follower rejects a poll when the candidate s log is not up to date . 
store feature ids using asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
constructs a lockablefilewriter . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a new serializablepermission with the specified name . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create the condition code operand for less equal asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
paints the border of a popup menu . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
output specified number of lines at the end of logs . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
instantiate the adapter . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
output of the first run asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the next xml outer token trimming whitespace . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determine if the specified entity is a valid one to use for this turn . spec asserts 
initialize the log handler asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs sorted eviction policy with given maximum size and given entry comparator . spec spec spec asserts 
generate a new local variable . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
make a var info asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the next live successor of p or null if no such . spec spec spec spec 
return the rule internal source target alignment grid . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new rsaprivatekeyspec . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
zone allow asserts to vote asserts write . . . etc this should be test zone asserts 
clears this hashtable so that it contains no keys . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
signs samlv response . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes all listeners on this graph asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the type of the document to delete . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test for serialversionuid field spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tell if this expression returns a stable number that will not change during iterations within the expression . 
moves to before first . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if instance and specified vectors have the same dimension . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
devuelve el numero de campos de la lista asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a fixed view to appear at the bottom of the list . spec spec spec asserts 
adds a key and value to a json stringbuilder . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new segment . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
append an object value . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tells if the popup is visible or not . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
loads save files with save file extension from save dir . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get commitment is ceiling . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns fifo status . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return a element array . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize the work list for the dataflow equation system . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the specified xmpp address is an entry in this group . spec spec asserts 
check the expression if it appears on the lhs of an assignment asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new instance of asserts . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests whether resources are considered not absent after try again interval expires . spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new node containing a path specified by a character sequence fragment . spec spec spec 
remove and gets the recent sticky event for the given event type on the local event bus only 
add an attribute only if it doesn t exist so that we don t loose information replacing it 
adds the agent . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
puts an int into this byte vector . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts read a static field of type integer asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the string representing its value asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the color code for the given hue saturation and brightness values translating from hsb color space to 
converts an object to an integer . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method validates the number cores specified for asserts block sort spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
resolves a remote object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
forwards the property change event to the listener delegate . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an invalid transaction exception with the specified detail message . spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
encode the begin . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
check whether cidr is a subnet of or the same as cidr asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a download job and adds it to the download jobs list in the spec . spec 
method to handle qnames asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns true if anode is a child of this node . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialise this asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an object on the base of its encoded form . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
test if node is contained in parent set asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a new waiter to wait queue . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
notifies this asserts that a specific request it has sent has received a stun success response . 
remove a formula from the cache asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether the given character is a high surrogate asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
helper functions to restore the heap invariant . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
computes the coordinate of the centre of this envelope as long as it is non null spec 
sets whether loaded image will be cached on disk asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
send a utf string to the bean as a serial message . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
continues a multiple part encryption or decryption operation depending on how this cipher was initialized processing another data 
this method is called if the logincontext s overall authentication failed . spec spec spec spec asserts 
deletes an entry from this pool . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set the current marked position in the stream . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
in this state all relevant data has been uncompressed and retrieved exceptionally the reading has ended prematurely . 
pops a directory name from the drop down list asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create the test case spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this draws a variant flush d border it is used for things like pressed buttons . spec 
execute the dependency calculator . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clear the local map . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance with the given detail message . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is this a call to super ? asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
sets the color that should be used for the video background . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
unload the given unit . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes previously deployed artifact . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the length of the array . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
utility method to determine how many times a string occurs in another string . spec spec asserts 
return the number of processors available on this machine . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
copies from the given object asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adjust the byte counts so that bytecount represents the upper long less bits word of the byte count 
decrypt string to numbers asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new pointer to the given values . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called by the system when the device configuration changes while your activity is running . spec asserts 
for every processor argument in args replace its immediate successor argument using spec spec spec spec asserts 
applies the matchqueryexp on a mbean . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
scales matrix m by x y and z putting the result in sm spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
variable ordering . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
setup a default named remote connection to a remote message broker . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds all the given elements in the stack . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
read a bit little endian integer from the stream . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a copy of the given array of size greater than the argument . spec spec asserts 
flush the characters buffer . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prints a message at verbose priority . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
returns whether support for locale is available from the input method . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if event is a mouseevent and the click count is . spec spec spec asserts 
shift given segment on offset if it is asserts then idx spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sql gt asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
read and return the next float . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes this key generator with the specified parameter set and a user provided source of randomness . 
if the start end trim are offset to begin with store them so that animation starts from that 
create a move object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
lists the storage systems for the given smi s provider by id . spec spec spec asserts 
authenticates a principal using the password specified the principal is expected to be managed by one of the 
make connection to existing mx portcontroller object . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new input source with a byte stream . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
html escapes the given string . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true for a primitive class . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
description of the method spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculate expiration claim . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
migrate a dtm built with an old dtmmanager to a new dtmmanager . spec spec spec asserts 
attempts to connect to a asserts server . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if the thread is in the process of shutting down spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true in case the workflow contains a message which has been sent directly after an unexpected message 
a sample method . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
global check for whether to log or not . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads an unsigned bit value from the stream as a long . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constucts a wrapper for the given edgelistgraph . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called the first time we need to draw when the zoom level has changed or the screen is 
create a quickadapter . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an empty collection component . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the raster . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this function is used to track if user clicks on create account on registration screen spec asserts 
parses an array option returns all the occurrences of the option as a string array . asserts 
return a table handler containing the thread indexes . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the files to be checked asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reset the state of this object to handle a new asserts spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of regular event spec . spec spec 
returns whether it has the the size of the photo in bytes . spec spec spec spec 
we need to override the draw to ensure that we don t draw the overscroll effect beyond the 
recupera de la base de datos el campo info de la tabla de repositorio . spec asserts 
interrupt any threads from child groups for this pool asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
transmit a request to valuelink asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
begins building the string from interpolation and normal string contents . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
selects all selected items in the receiver s list . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the folder where the ide will be built . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the next xml outer token trimming whitespace . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
closes the queue . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the time a outfit asserts off asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds list of data this task should look after . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
copy nodelist members into this nodelist adding in document order . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
test that a file was really generated and that the image when loaded has the specified size . 
tells if the specified unit id is an id of a spec unit . spec spec asserts 
initializes dataset from persistent data . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ensure the filter actually stems text . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets shopify store api key asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compare this mbeanparameterinfo to another . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
removes the specified entry from cache . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance of emptytype asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize the state of the group view . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a jsonarray from a source json text . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new additional log item using the provided source key and value . spec spec spec 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
check whether the given char can be one of a name spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
append to the tostring a short array . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return a string representation of operation code . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
enroll a new query into the queue asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parse the xml representation of the properties of a device class which comes from configuration and return it 
returns the number of foos where uuid and companyid . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
return the cpu info for the processors assuming symetric multiprocessing which means that all cpus are identical . 
generate a new description for this activity . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
populate label font details . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the hyperbolic secant of a single parameter radians . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds all necessary listeners to a single debugger . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
changes title of node under given jcr path . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
inserts node into queue initializing if necessary . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the number of pad bytes present in the block . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clone this object without having to cast the returned object . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if the parameter data type is string . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the key at the given index in the array . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
add a font mapping rule to this fontaction . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test for asserts method . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
translates the sign magnitude representation of a biginteger into a biginteger . spec spec spec spec spec 
remove the nth element of the list . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
logical conjunction of two boolean operators . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the distance from this mutabledouble d to the specified point . asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs a priority queue that contains the elements of a sorted set . spec spec spec asserts 
construct url from the provided paths . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts instance with a prime capacity equal to or greater than initialcapacity and with the 
writes a string to the underlying output stream as a sequence of characters . spec spec asserts 
returns true for a primitive class . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
appends a string representation of this authentication info structure to the provided buffer . spec spec asserts 
convert a ipv netmask integer to a prefix length asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convenience function to avoid having to think about this format all the time . . . asserts 
encode a stub into the asserts . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
closes this reader . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
encodes a byte array into base notation . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts the filters specified by asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates a hash code for this route . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sends asserts to this client . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
generate token from login request and user role asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
choose a number of random available ports asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the hashcode for the range of values asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
dump the raw template in canonical form . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test that it is not possible to create invalid user instances . spec spec spec spec spec 
checks if is ended . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
hook method called to initialize the contents of the activity s standard options menu . spec spec 
creates a new user added instance that is not linked to a contributed template . spec spec 
uninstall package silent by root attentions don t call this on the ui thread it may costs some 
returns an array of the heapdump entries . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
discards the current limit returning to the previous limit . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
get an iterator over all items in the given group which match the given filter expression . 
are stored procedure calls using the stored procedure escape syntax supported ? asserts spec spec spec asserts 
if v is a asserts returns the addition of the two values . spec spec spec asserts 
creates and starts store session listeners . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance using the context to determine the conversion for arguments to sql friendly format 
extract coalescent times and tip information into arraylist times from tree . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a data item to the series . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the difference of two sets a b . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
id of the user or community that owns the video . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
verify that the last call always returns the last backup we added . spec spec spec asserts 
creates the symbol selection panel . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes and returns the given value from this map . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
stores a string in preferences asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates i . e . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates a sample of a chi square distribution . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
wait for a message window slow to be available for the given node and message type asserts 
returns the sha hash of the given string using the specified salt asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new settingbool instance with the specified key and default value . spec spec spec spec 
compact the value numbers assigned . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a point exchange type notification with the specified request json object . spec spec spec asserts 
enables help for a component . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add array of required capabilities to the filter . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cancels asserts which have timed out prior to finishing . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new bridge for the lt g element . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns mappings renamed path original reference path for all paths in the renamed input codebase . asserts 
add a child to the child list . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new request sender . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
loop a sound file in . wav . mid or . au format in a background thread . 
parse crlf at end of chunk . spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
appends the string rel to the current query . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method checks whether the provided array is sorted according to natural ordering . spec spec asserts 
builds a asserts that contains properties from all collection members . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
save the xml to a file asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new xml encoder to write out javabeans to the stream out using the given charset starting 
called for a put method logging and metrics have already been captured . spec spec spec asserts 
stop scan if user tap cancel button asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the child array to the correct size . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a sip response for re invite request asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
create a byte array with a specific size filled with specified data . spec spec spec spec 
gets whether the scale gesture is enabled or not . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this is the method that does the opposite as the findandinit object . spec spec spec asserts 
writes a string to a file creating the file if it does not exist . spec spec 
asserts if the signature of a jsonobject is valid asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if displacement objects are the same . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to determine whether or not the previous browser run crashed . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a typeface object that best matches the specified existing typeface and the specified style . asserts 
adds the token specified to the current linked list of tokens . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
performs the given action for each character of the charseq with additional parameter index as the second parameter 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
posts a runnable to the javafx event queue using this asserts spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
increase the recharge cost and amount by calling appropriate model methods . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the number of sub predicate clauses . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns column index of id column or if not found . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
adds a new element name to the hashtable of available elements . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
shifts a new comment into the group . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the magnitude of this vector . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct an completablefuturet from an anym that contains a monad type that contains type other than completablefuture the 
call this method from your activity or fragment s onpause method spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert an object array to a string array by invoking tostring on each element spec spec asserts 
update the default value only overriding value if no explicit value was set . spec spec asserts 
attempts to read and parse an integer delimited by whitespace . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes a new multiplexingdatagramsocket instance which is to enable datagrampacket filtering and binds it to any available port 
divide rounding mode is round up result is positive asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
returns whether it has the draft tag . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns string descriptor for field that can be parsed by asserts . spec spec spec spec spec 
instantiates a new tone analyzer . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates the designated column with an ascii stream value . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
asserts asserts or prints to the console a given string . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
will be called whenever a message is about to be written spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the given route from the schedule asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new weak reference that refers to the given object and is registered with the given queue 
tracks tunnelling of the connection to a chained proxy . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
javax . security . auth . destroyfailedexception destroyfailedexception string msg assertion constructs with null parameter . spec 
construct a regular expression that matches a language that is the image of the unary op applied to 
constructs a new readwritemultipleresponse instance . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
validation rules exclusive to relation types asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
return the title of the result spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates the action bar for the activity asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
switch to specified lex state . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
updates an initiator . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the specified object at the end of the array . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when corresponding fragment popped out from back history asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether the given length byte is of the form indefinite . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
logs a message with java . util . logging . level . finest . spec spec asserts 
returns whether it has the whether the exception is specialized . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a new metric with a constant value . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the tip text for this property . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set an aspect ratio for crop bounds that is evaluated from source image width and height . 
creates the empty profile hint for the user . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts this applies the named setting to the parent component . spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
returns id of the current lock grantor for this service . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
finds children of the given classnode . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates underlying database table using daos . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
update a record in the database . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the first value that s associated with a key . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tostring methode creates a string representation of the object spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
pass the call on to the underlying handler asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
triggers loading next items and calls through to the developer callback . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes all of the mappings from this map . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the sequence is based on the orderering of the collections iterator spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the timestamp at the given instant within the default empty stream . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new textarea with the specified text displayed . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates the interface with the new content if relevant . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns a filter that ands the specified filters . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
moves to the next line and shows text string using the given values of the character and word 
gets the viewerstats for the given channel and logs them . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compute the total duration of a timeline . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
open the slidingmenu and show the menu view . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new annotation to be displayed at the given coordinates . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a asserts object with the specified parameters . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a cipherinputstream from an inputstream and an asserts . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ambiguous syntax function this ambiguous syntax occurs at rule start ambiguity fpars tanonymousformalparameter spec asserts spec asserts 
if the dependencies should be unsorted asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether two attribute sets are equal . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an object created with id key . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
return true if running on linux . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
process the bye request . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new line numbering reader reading characters into a buffer of the given size . asserts 
creates an overscroller . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
switches the current content of template input to the content of a chosen file . spec asserts 
this method was generated by mybatis generator . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return null event . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
global info if it exists for the wrapped classifier asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates the daq by removing a whole subequipment . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tells whether or not any of the scan threads are currently active . spec spec spec asserts 
returns a summary of the message asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handle a confirmation response from the user . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
important this method is not thread safe . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
java . util . vector indexof java . lang . object int asserts spec spec spec asserts 
static field access visit . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tell if this object contains a java string object . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sends a message to this dm that is to member of the distributed system represented by this remotegemfirevm 
begin auto generated from pshape scale . xml increases or decreases the size of a shape by expanding 
description of the method spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
run just this test . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates what the permissible exit status of a command execution is through a predicate . spec asserts 
reads the properties from the first specified file as master key set sorts them and writes the values 
creates a new empty map with the default initial capacity buckets and load factor . . spec 
check node to see if it was created by a dom implementation that this helper is intended to 
returns true if the specified character is a valid ncname character as defined by production in namespaces in 
remove a parameter in the registry asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests that a resourceparameterinspection error is generated for a resource parameter of array type . spec asserts 
returns the number of marks currently held asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reattempt required due to detected condition asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
unit test of the broad ordering of literals plain lt language code lt datatype . spec spec 
constructs a script sort builder with the given script . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates the application data input stream for specified socket . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
deviation from a manifold described by beta . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test changecursor with live cursor asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
constructs a fitness based archive initialized with the specified solutions . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
mark an update message as committed . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a test plan for which the hour cut is over an activity in the middle of the activity 
called when adapting a method . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
we actually need to check the character value here to see if we have n following r . 
add a field to the given class . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this is used to create a string used to represent this text list label . spec asserts 
add line to source code without indent . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
equality comparison for properly typed object . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
create and return a list of headers . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a number of particles along a line and connects them into a string using springs . 
the search found num characters max . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reset causes subsequent sum to return zero asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
signs a given jws header and payload based on the given private key using rsa and sha as 
removes deletes generic entity records found by all the specified condition spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return true if the specified rectangle after being transformed by the current matrix would lie completely outside of 
performs the removal of the local copy of the target file spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method is used to modify property . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
initializes the test with the given name . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handles both asserts and specifically asserts occurring when a resource or a region a . k . a 
returns true if the element is in xml signature . namespace and the local name equals the supplied 
optionally call when no longer using the asserts . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determine if the symbol table contains a frameobject with the given variable name . spec spec asserts 
the real mousemoved call called when mousemoved is called and if there is a mouse timer interval set 
hides the error decoration for the sensor assignment . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates the paint object for drawing the translucent overlay outside the crop window . spec spec asserts 
input an instance for filtering . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
rotate the image by the specified degrees . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
main method for testing this class . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write to the asserts in an unsynchronized manner asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the method m is visible from code in the class from . spec spec 
resets this sesion node to the state it was in when first constructed . spec spec asserts 
computes norm of vector asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prepare e . g . get parameters . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a constant column to this table which returns one constant value for all column rows . 
main driver for the simple optimizations asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
produce a string from a number . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the next sibling node if it exists and it is text or cdata . spec spec 
creates a new instance of spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the end of an attribute list . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
make a shrink animation . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compute the signature of this vector . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
event fired at the end of the document parse spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if field corresponding to fieldid is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise 
returns a hash function implementing the siphash algorithm bits with the given seed value . spec asserts 
this method is not supported for this writer . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
enable country specific language tables from mcc specific overlays . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reports a new solving time use of a constraint solver spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
fixme scherrer comment this asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
create a query for matching points within the specified distance of the supplied location . spec asserts 
deletes a token with the specified id . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
loads new type into the classloader name space . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method will form one single byte for all the high card dims . spec spec asserts 
returns the minimum coordinate using the usual lexicographic comparison . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
filter a notation declaration event . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method was generated by mybatis generator . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method is invoked while serialization asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
setup a remote connection to a remote message broker . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
addlocal adds a provided vector to this vector internally and returns a handle to this vector for easy 
checks a parameter list for a specified key and if present attempts to append new elements represeting the 
construct new nbttagbytearray without name and empty array as value . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets whether this android application is enabled asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
create a new repositoryconfigimpl . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a new xml parser . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
pattern followed by expression allows adding sub expressions that are connected by a followed by . spec 
set function of dispatched when a spritesheet animation reaches its ends . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
below method will be used to compare two surrogate keys spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called by parent when adb session is complete . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the ssotoken is restricted false otherwise asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an instance . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reports an error that occured while scanning . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
this method was generated by mybatis generator . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
starts a new stream from a java reader . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs locale preference with the default preferences object . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a list of window of size windowsize . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines if the passed term is likely to be of interest in more like comparisons spec asserts 
this method notifies the end of a general entity . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a free mem exception with the specified detail message a minor code of and a completion state 
returns true if sections should be highlighted in case they contain the current value . spec asserts 
returns the number of columns of the receiver . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
dictionary with option texts and objects asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a temporary blob value from a stream . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
define a new cube . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads all bytes from an input stream into a byte array . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new qname with the specified namespace uri and local name . spec spec spec asserts 
removes all the foos where uuid from the database . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
map a character value to its corresponding typecode object . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
copies the query of the current tab into the asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the optional string value associated with an index . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
for when you want multiple individual unit panels perhaps one for each territory etc . spec spec 
defines class from bytecode in the current classloader asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
checks to see if the cc number is a valid asserts spec number spec spec spec asserts 
updates the state of the scroll bars . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an object descriptor for an object whose class name is classname that can be loaded from the 
clears out input values of network nodes which otherwise asserts and cause problems . spec spec asserts 
allocate and initialize role specific user price . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
simple helper method to show toasts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
encode the sip request as a string . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns an iterator to this stack that iterates through the items in lifo order . spec asserts 
save the current data to the given file . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
xml encoding for attribute values quoted with not with ! . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
creates a new request configured to create a user owned open graph object . spec spec asserts 
works with command station to provide ops mode so say it works asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates an existing key value mapping to change the value . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
the symbolic name corresponding to the location in the kernel where the process is sleeping . asserts 
set the identity of the job which should be fired by the produced trigger . spec asserts 
create a new transaction parameters block instance based around a asserts . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets whether you should show ui with rationale for requesting the permissions . spec spec spec asserts 
each coroutine in the set managed by a single coroutinemanager is identified by a small positive integer . 
gets the value of the cancelable property . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
report whether the driver is a genuine jdbc compliant driver . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a list of cssmetadata instances that is merged by the given parameters spec spec spec spec 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
last value of the ts parameter returned from the long poll server or by using messages . spec 
constructs a serialblob object that is a serialized version of the given blob object . spec asserts 
provides serialization support . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the child component component from the pane . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a method . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cotangent is not a logical function . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
answers the absolute path of the file containing the library associated with the given name or null . 
construct a default instance of this class . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
how many slots are allocated . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads the next unicode code point . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the image . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this entry contains either an abstract or concrete method . spec spec spec spec 
always returns false since this state machine can never become final . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is the number in the rcs blocked list asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
schedules a file to be deleted when jvm exits . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
temporarily disconnect from source database to ease asserts on server spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the user has typed a key that has not yet been processed . spec 
removes all mappings from this map whose values are zero . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the findbugs builder from the project . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a key set iterator . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if a custom axis modulus has been set that determines the number of labels to skip 
creates the buffer containing any left over bytes . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a asserts instance . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads graphics control extension values asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
http java . sun . com docs books jvms second edition html instructions . spec spec asserts 
called to draw the this potion onto the player s inventory when it s active . spec 
tells which managers this provides by class asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the method that delivers the current time status to the asserts . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
stream will close after the already written bytes are read . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this utility class cannot be instantiated asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns true if the app is requesting sensor data from the device with the specified node id 
extends the existing groundings with the alternative groundings asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if a context type id specifies a valid context type or if no context type registry 
this method was generated by mybatis generator . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
byte object asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
creates an auditlogentry . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds semantic checks to the default deserialization method . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
validate the data of an initiator . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a method to generate a sha digest of the incoming resource spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get process now . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
flag to show if a search is currently being performed spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this map contains a mapping for the specified key . spec spec spec spec 
shows confirmation message box with yes and no buttons . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
query the grantor for current asserts information of a lock . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
provides serialization support . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add this observable future into the queue asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
utility method for traversing a single node . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds user input to a list asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates the matrices used internally to set latency and bandwidth between elements . spec spec spec asserts 
convenience method to find the visible child closes to end . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
produce a distributionconfigimpl for the given properties and return it . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new trace with the given name in the project . spec spec spec spec asserts 
performs a simple get on the given url spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
builds link using requesthandler . makelinkauto logic convenience wrapper . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert rgb color to cmyk color . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find the fields constant that matches fieldid or null if its not found . spec spec asserts 
returns true if this is an animated image asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new jsonarray that contains the json representations of the given int values . spec asserts 
returns the optimal row strategy of this two person zero sum game . spec spec spec asserts 
creates the filter . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write the given text string in the current font centered at x y . spec spec asserts 
creates a new view with the given name and description in the project by copying an existing view 
returns the number of elements this array can hold . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invoke the original super method on the specified object . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a query that matches documents containing terms with a specified prefix . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resume the asserts thread . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method is used to convert the string value given to an appropriate representation . spec asserts 
creates a cache entry for the specified data . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this is used to resolve the text for this registry . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
marks the resource returned to a web client to be stored in cache for a very long time 
cleanup the whole junit scenario deletes the created git repository . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets whether spaces should be allowed or not . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
you have eliminated all enemies in round . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds all points of the collection to the asserts . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines if the back end is openstack cinder if yes returns true otherwise returns false . asserts 
sorts the specified array into ascending numerical order . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
loading bitmap with optimized loaded size less than specific pixels count spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
exchanges asserts to final recipient messages between this host and all hosts this host is currently connected to 
get an sd instance from the registrar asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the joined cookie . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add all ranges from the specified range set to this builder . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the record separator of the format to the specified string . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resolves a given relative url against a base url . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
archives advertising campaigns . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new phrase object from the indexes provided . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
paints the background of a tool bar . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add extended data to the intent . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds semantic checks to the default deserialization method . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write the provided session to the store without modifying the copy in memory or triggering passivation events . 
report the end of dtd declarations . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compiles an exression . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the optional analyzer used to analyze the query string for phrase searches . spec spec spec asserts 
used by unit test to check if mojo doesn t fail . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
can the light change it s intensity setting slowly ? spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
creates a uri based on given uri string . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a asserts instance asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculate desired size for the given view based on device orientation spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if address looks like a valid email address . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return true if the list has a negative number . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an instance for controlling a local process . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of pids spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
appends the print parse of a fractional day . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new run once compositeaction that processes the given visualization . spec spec spec spec spec 
establece el asunto de una unidad documental asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
detect whether this rule is at least as general as another . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true of the cli has verbose set . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the given indicator file needs to be reloaded . spec spec spec spec spec 
constructs an instance of this class . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
on key up . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
start listening for speech . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test for getinstance string type provider provider method assertion throws nullpointerexception when type is null throws certificateexception when 
override this method in rto algorithms that implement some sort of rto spec spec spec spec asserts 
creates the underlying database table . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sending an initial credit for slow consumers asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
paints the border of a scrollbar . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
h conditional entropy h y j y k . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convenience function that calls asserts with a null entity . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
the doget method of the servlet . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is this symbol table empty ? asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
gets the top left corner of the contour asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sends a message containing only the what value . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a service has been added . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
flushes the output stream asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether or not the user represented by this object is an operator . spec spec spec 
called from the main game loop to update the screen . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
loads immediate into register . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates new local file system . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set all values within this matrix to zero . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
build mapping tables based on the line count of the given source string . spec spec asserts 
parses the data from the supplied inputstream using the supplied baseuri to resolve any relative uri references . 
will be called by asserts when creature enters specific zone spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
invoked when an mutationevent of type domcharacterdatamodified is fired . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
returns currenttimemillis as string asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find and return the set of connectors associated with this service . spec spec spec spec spec 
updates with the given value . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check literal value . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the results for a specified run number . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
we will initialize file contents with a sample text . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
deserialize a baggage instance from a serialized representation . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance of pgpdatatype asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates whether this timestamp object is later than the given timestamp object . spec spec spec asserts 
edits an expression for explicit type casting overridable . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
apply a force to the asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
run move single file task asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
process the sentence to create tokens . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks that the given label is not a label used only for debug purposes . spec spec 
tests submitting a command with a configured consistency level . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a new textcharacter with the same colors and modifiers but a different underlying character spec spec 
uploads a file to google cloud storage to the bucket specified in the bucket name environment variable appending 
returns the hash code value for this object identifier the object number . spec spec spec asserts 
exits the application . . . spec spec asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
increments the probability specified in the table for the given head assignment . spec spec spec asserts 
we fake a double test using long double conversion of asserts spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find the quantity on hand of products for mrp . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
disposes the for . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if there is pending work to be done . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if specified object is instance of specified class . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create yaml instance . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
visits the enclosing class of the class . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a property whose value is a uri . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if thumbnail exists . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
lets the buttons in the remote view control playback in the expanded layout spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a lineunavailableexception that has null as its error detail message . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct the vector with all components as . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
loads and initializes opencv library from current application package . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
open this output stream on the underlying output stream new fileoutputstream name . spec spec spec asserts 
return true if the counter is enabled asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if field system is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise spec asserts 
returns whether the user has created a pin code or not spec spec spec spec spec spec 
draw the progress spinner asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
transforms the figure . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if the region defined by other overlaps intersects the region of this envelope . spec spec 
receive and remember part of a query asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new requestparams instance and populate it with multiple initial key value string param . spec 
creates a new test data locator which locates test data relative to the given class . spec 
this method is called internally by the cachedrowset . populate methods . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method notifies the start of a general entity . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the necessary asserts to the passed in menu . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
starts the tour . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is the instruction the end of a basic block ? spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
applies the specified theme to this drawable and its children . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
construct a lazypstackx from an publisher asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
expectedsize expected number of entries we re going to have in the map . spec spec asserts 
build list of asserts from the asserts list asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
jumps to the end of the logo cross fading animation if any . spec spec spec asserts 
construct a blank asserts to be filled in with set calls . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
allocate a scalar object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests if this string starts with the specified prefix beginning a specified index . spec spec spec 
public to reset state of asserts flag . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get summary level . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
observe the input from the driver station for the disabled mode spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
below method will be used to basically to know whether any non parseable data is present or not 
query the firmware version . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts a button in a toolbar . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
final file asserts new file spec . spec getclass asserts this . testname . spec expected . spec 
runs the quintic demo problem . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
adds a listener to the list that is notified each time a change to data model occurs 
drops the underlying database table . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
elimina los descriptores . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes a long to the bytes message stream as eight bytes high byte first . spec asserts 
creates a new swingterminal with all the defaults set and no scroll controller connected . spec spec 
returns whether it has the quota bytes used . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
closes the camera driver if still in use . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
accessor for mouse down check asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
class to compare the asserts of agents on specific links . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
generate a dnssec signature . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new jarinputstream and reads the optional manifest . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
notified when button toggled spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handle a mouse cursor moving without the button being pressed . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determine whether on matching the logger name we should reply deny or neutral based on the current settings 
deserializes column into object field asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return an integer that reflects the value of this address instance . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a new uri from a base uri and a uri specification string . spec spec asserts 
return the subdivision level of the cell range . . max level . spec spec spec asserts 
determines the width of this view asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests failing a message that s not serializable . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
display an url in the system browser . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
divide two numbers . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
notify the client that the item at index is now the current history item . spec asserts 
returns a new uninitialized instance of this object s class . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new state which is equivalent to top . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a blank omraster to be filled in with set calls . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if we throw on a non zero exit code from node rather than exit . spec 
gets the number of hours in this duration . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
close the database connection . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
copy properties from another asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs an event handler . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called before the marker for a clusteritem is added to the map . spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new ping pong buffer and owns the resources . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this static method will print the series of combinations for numobjects choose b to system . out . 
shuffles the instances in the set so that they are ordered randomly . spec spec spec asserts 
returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of exact quantifier . spec spec asserts 
puts context objects on top of the context stack . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
checks if angle falls in segment . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
adds a list of volumes to a vplex cg asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
logs the given throwable and shows an error alert dialog with its message . spec spec asserts 
one time initialization of resources for this lambda function . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
throws illegalstateexception if this asserts is closed . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a collection page for item . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes unprintable asserts from input string asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
increases the size of the backing array to accommodate the specified number of additional items . asserts 
don t do conflict detection . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test changed admin server . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adopts the node into another document then adopts the root element and then attaches the adopted node in 
test of create method of class auditcommandfactoryimpl . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
creates a new instance with the given cause . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
cleans up the resources created by the utility . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new exception with null as its detail message . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get cardinality by job type and state asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
loads an offset value from the memory location pointed to by the current instance . spec asserts 
not fail fast . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes all the local backends that were registered with the server . spec spec spec spec asserts 
computes the difference between this vector and the specified vector spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
is this value null on a complicated path ? asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
mute if not asserts within the last minutes . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
for queries where only one table is being addressed . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads a document from the given url asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
logs the proxy preferences . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
returns the character at position pos from the matched text . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
constructs a differential evolution selection operator . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
increment the event counter by value spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
identity based version for use in itr . remove asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
convert the control s content into a number . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
transform wicket . page parameter to more traditional map . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a jcard parse exception . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a less verbose console print method . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prints an object with a new line asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if a vary header contains an asterisk . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
draw a single character on screen . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads the configuration parameters described in the panel from the configsettings and and sets the contained values . 
creates a abstractquerybuilder instance that can be used to build api request with various parameters spec asserts 
asserts that the given proto has symmetric equals and hashcode methods . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a quickadapter . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines whether the given element is a child of one of the given parent elements . spec 
creates an xmpmeta object from a string . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this utility class cannot be instantiated asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
total number of productions . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when the focused level info is clicked . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method is called when executing this sample application from the command line . spec spec asserts 
this class sometimes provides a list of value descriptions . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
formats the double array d with as separator and default precision . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the minimum date in a range . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
time in seconds assumption only one hub asserts asserts the method expects multiples of seconds as input for 
poll succeeds unless empty asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs a new cursor with the given initial capacity . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invoke this method after you ve changed how node is to be represented in the tree . 
attempts to cas increment the workercount field of ctl . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method is called via reflection from the database . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
close and remove all connections in the pool . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a trap code operand for a must implement spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resolves the given method declaration and returns the binding for it . spec spec spec spec spec 
method for constructing a type instance with specified parameterization . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handles the mouseexited event by invoking the mouseexited methods on listener a and listener b . asserts 
process the http get request asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
appends a double value to the string builder using string . valueof . spec spec spec asserts 
don t instantiate all members and methods are static . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
capitalize the first character of the string if possible spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
adds the given entity class which is mapped to a dto with the provided mapper . spec 
paints the border of a tabbed pane . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether the given string starts with this . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the value of the asserts property . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the graphical representation of the round chart title . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a virtualmachineerror with no detail message . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether progressive loading is enabled . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
optional sets the title of the audio file to be sent spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
actually read one asserts from the plog reading the correct number of bytes changing little endian file into 
crate a gauss window with the given length and a default sigma and apply a spec factor to 
returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of interface member declaration . spec asserts 
closes the serial port if open . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the minimum number of requests within a time window necessary to detect a remote service fault . 
publishes an audit event with details of the attempted crest operation if the access topic is audited . 
calling this method is not legal on a preparedstatement . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
copy the db in a temp directory and opens it spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the string identifying the given asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method is used for updating a entity . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a permission to allow the specified actions to the given bucket and s key prefix . 
utility method to decode a pem encoded private key string to a privatekey instance spec spec asserts 
is this player looking for a group asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
perform a power on self test by processing some example input data . spec spec spec spec 
wbxml specification presents mb u int integers in a very strange way in order to safe space . 
check to see if the ship group contains only digital goods ie no finished goods and no finished 
public for use only by javacprocessingenvironment asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the chunk size . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a child . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
server model need generate ui model better do not modify the server source data spec spec spec 
execute a fulltextsearch from the request parameters asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
saves bytes to a specific file location specified by the user . spec spec spec spec asserts 
reset stream back to last mark . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string representation of this cache . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
takes an value and expresses it in terms of min to max . spec spec spec asserts 
a query that matches documents containing terms with a specified prefix . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
repeats the specified substring count times . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
this method will calculate what needs to be the max axis value that fits all the sets aggregated 
query for all the asserts of a given poitype . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a deep copy of the ast subtree at this node . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets a property for this seriesinfo object . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines whether a specific channel number is in the valid channel number range defined by the turn rfc 
convenience method for getting the color . gray lineborder of thickness . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
disallows or allows automatically pruning this ctclass object . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
create a new objectinputstream for this file and pass it to the closure . spec spec asserts 
initializes a new class reference . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the contents in the hex editor to the contents of the specified input stream . asserts 
indicate an asserts event and its previous version . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a close frame . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the dn corresponding to this compact representation . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
allocate a synchronizing storage engine asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new debug output bit stream wrapping a given output bit stream and logging on a given 
prints a message at verbose priority . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
creates a new authenticator . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
do a add remove re spec node operation asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determine if this label intersects the view or pick frustum . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a textual ast display one line per node with nesting . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines if an opcode is commutative . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether the controller is set or not . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the file associated with the given key . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
establece los elementos necesarios para mostrar en la vista asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns whether the given integer has the spec bit set . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
this class is used to store the information of each stamp and annotation on the pdf . 
delete a file from the file system or log the failure if unable to delete it . 
remembers the cdata sections specified in the cdata section elements by appending the given cdata section elements to 
validates whether the properties of the jobdetail are valid for submission into a scheduler . spec asserts 
creates a default test jdbc connection which is guaranteed to work . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new instance using the specified element metadata . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
return the tests included in this test suite . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts law requires i have a build method in my builder classes . spec spec spec asserts 
prints out the usage . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the character at position pos from the matched text . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
method gets called in case of a change event asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
throws a runtime exception if the element does not have the given name . spec spec asserts 
asks the current thread to clear its state for the specified domain . spec spec spec asserts 
applies given asserts on the given rectangle asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
parses the specified string as a signed decimal short value . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
logs a message and exception . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
try to find layout xml file by name asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the component at the specified index from this popup menu . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new output stream with the specified buffer size . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
show that we correct throw exceptions for a non existent binlog directory or invalid binlog file pattern . 
creates a new instance with connection to hdfs . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
waits for a draw asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
verify that the stderr contents of output buffer contains the string spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cancel the previous animator and get the duration of the new animation . spec spec spec spec 
determines the height of this view asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
allow the sense to output the response . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a mergeoptions with no flags initially set . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
nullifies work directory . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds an element to the element . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts a dimensional array into a single dimension . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
allows the input text to be set external programmatically for testing . asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
create an asn inputstream where no der object will be longer than limit . spec spec asserts 
recursively create the initial state for the given component . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads an unsigned short value in the given byte array . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a new assignment of values to the evidence asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize odor world attributes . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string describing classifier asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts task returns when task completes abnormally spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
serialization method to save the ior state . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
multiplies each element of this matrix by a scalar . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check that the map is empty . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes len bytes from the specified byte array starting at offset off to this stream . asserts 
adds a task to the queue to refresh the dns information for the specified zone . asserts 
converts a string representation of a date to its date object . spec spec spec spec asserts 
creates a jar file . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
enables or disables output of the warning messages about unused declarations . spec spec spec spec spec 
clears the list . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
increments the frequency count for v . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reset the second line of notes area asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
wraps the confirm method of the window interface . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
takes a snapshot of the display d s currently displayed simulation . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
overridden by the client message we need access to the connection so we can create the appropriate activemqbuffer 
enables the vertex attribute with the given name spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
provides a mapping from the document model coordinate space to the coordinate space of the view mapped to 
expands all tabs into spaces with tabstops of size . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when this tab has started loading . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the length of the array . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
class from a canonical name for a type . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
test that a java file with a to do has a warning . spec spec spec spec 
finish and register task . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
displays the titles of all the posts in a blog . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an instance of the asserts class . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a queue listener that will be notified of queue events for the user that created this workgroup 
clears this reference object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
appends an int value followed by a new line to the string builder using string . valueof . 
creates a new request with the given method . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ensure that web script injection settings do not appear on devices before user customization of web scripts were 
calls the character method with the same arguments . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
create a new crdt positive and negative pn counter that records how much the value has changed since 
determines if the token belongs to the asserts object . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add spaces around spans until the text is fixed and then removes the unneeded spaces spec asserts 
creates an img tag spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a line segment to the layer asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
less is better . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a holder with an entityname for v attribute certificates . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if a given string represents a valid action . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prints the given string asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
forces destruction of the selected dialog if an instance is actually kept . spec spec spec asserts 
classifies a given instance using the selected combination rule . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check that a plaintext password matches a previously hashed one spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method that is responsible for printing an image asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a mapping from the specified key to the specified value replacing the previous mapping from the specified 
select not allowed with group by spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
searches for filtered roles in this organizational unit using wildcards . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
has asserts the asserts asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates an intvector that stores all integers inclusively between two integers . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
layers a protocol on top of an established tunnel . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sign part of the xml document referered by the supplied a list of id attributes of nodes 
adds an item to the specified section . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
registers a modified asserts with the creation handle asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a classpath to this configuration . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a schedule . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the indexes to the new table . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
animate asserts frames . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get list of user requests spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of this member virtual attribute provider . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize a short string two way translator setting short values according to the position of strings in the 
create a new wallforce with default gravitational constant . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
populate the script with the context and request bindings . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method will load the dictionary data for a given asserts spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates and returns a spatial sampled edge decorator that decorates delegate . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct the asserts with store s name database s path and samza s config spec spec spec 
shows the usage of how to run the sample from the command line . spec spec asserts 
method not in use asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates the instruction to store the top stack value in the given method argument . spec asserts 
parses the supplied sparql update sequence and builds a syntax tree from it . spec spec asserts 
iterates over each generics bound of this generics specification and checks that the generics defined by the bound 
sets the query name for the filter that can be used when searching for matched filters per hit 
sets a vfs folder asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
factory method to construct an appropriate subclass of parsedurldata for a sub url . spec spec asserts 
sets the fax phone number associated with this address . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
creates a time object from a given date if the date is between and a utctime object is 
create a new transition drawable with the specified list of layers . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
launches another agent sends it a message and prints reply . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
true iff this class can be docked in the given direction spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new vector using the specified capacity and capacity increment . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check this view is fixed view ex header footer or not . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handles intent player options play pause stop . . . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
get is selected by default . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
builds an analyzer with the given stop words asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
looks for the state of the option . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a map object and adds it to this map layer . spec spec spec spec spec 
returns the next stop on the route depending on the route mode asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a sealedobject from any serializable object . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
this method reads in the edge list containing both one directional and bi directional edges . spec 
filter the given result asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
recreates the direct children of info . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts that the given double arrays are equal asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string that displays and identifies this object s properties . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
transforms an list of entry into a float array containing the x and y values transformed with all 
validates correct valid since and until times are used on factory creation asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method builds a patch state object which can be used to submit a self patch . 
load a matrix from a text file . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
pack metadata array to string asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string created from the proxy class name the registrar s service id and the result of 
recursive search for the key at the specified entry index . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
encodes this asserts instance onto the provided outputstream . asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
sets the rev attribute on the last started tag that has not been closed . spec spec 
creates an queuecursor with the given fixed capacity and the specified access policy . spec spec asserts 
create a new walkingiterator from the steps in another walkingiterator . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ensures that there exists a single keystone provider always . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates whether to continue processing for the current entry . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convenience method for encoding data to a file . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
close the destination output stream . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
utility method for drawing a crosshair on the chart if required . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a child node to this asserts . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test if the cache size has exceeded its limits and if so evict some files . spec 
converts drawing coordinates to view coordinates . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
checks if asserts is available for use on this device . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
method to signal the incoming stack that one feeder has terminated spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
notify the host application that there have been an excessive number of http redirects . spec spec 
closes the input stream . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new bytebuffer with the same contents as the given bytebuffer . spec spec spec spec 
spring init method configured in sernet gs server spring asserts asserts . xml initializes the process service . 
creates a new x principal from a given asn . der encoding of a distinguished name . 
routine that causes the stack traces of remote exceptions to be filled in with the current stack trace 
configure an asserts fidl option . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of this class . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
helper method to check that one poll message exists with a given history entry resource client id and 
sets up the look and actions for the progress dialog while the gps is searching . asserts 
method called to do a forced error exit on an internal error for cases when we can t 
create a svg rectangle asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
read a hashset from an inputstream containing xml . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads the configuration settings for the timer intervals to be used and creates the timers accordingly . 
onchange will happen on the provider handler . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a asserts object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates and persists a new user namespace authorization entity . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
append several slots onto the vector but do not set the values . spec spec spec spec 
sets the created at attribute asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
drops the underlying database table . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return true iff the first equals defined first time in object when searching for it from current value 
this is a protected method used by the notification event listener thread to clean the domain map when 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
constructs the editor . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a test api . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
obtain or create an internal representation of an object field . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new position with the given offset and length . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
removes a component . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get a phred scaled quality value corresponding to the supplied error rate . spec spec spec asserts 
encodes a byte array into base notation . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize projector to accept data of a specified dimension . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
select a trigger s jobdatamap . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new timed lru cache . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculates the approximate width of a text depending on a demo text avoid repeated calls e . g 
checks if the specified year is a leap year . spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
are objects of this type mutable ? asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get a string representation of this resource . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
close and then re open the sail . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cancels the activity corresponding to the given key . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a text node in the table . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns line number table i . line number . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this function returns an enum class to specify what the block given by asserts is . asserts 
creates a new category item entity . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
initialise note the iteration count for this algorithm is fixed at . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
some useful debug information asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes a listener for changeevents . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
if this edit is inprogress accepts anedit and returns true . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether the given node and the other object match . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the elements output so far to the main output in the provided window with associated timestamps . 
reverse the specified range of the specified array . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts invoke a virtual method that returns void spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return if the input string is not a valid numeric asserts . . . otherwise return the weight 
enter the symbols found in a list of parse trees if the compilation is expected to proceed beyond 
remove a block from the whitelist . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create the engine . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
configures the timeline settings button with regards to the currently selected tab . spec spec spec asserts 
read more bytes from the stream . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the value of the specified parameter if it exists or null otherwise . spec spec spec 
create asserts with given id asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
search all visible layers for an object with the given name . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
utility method to flag the last item in a collection as being the last item . spec 
constructs an instance using the default key . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if this is a remote connection with ssl enabled . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculates the new threshold of the map where it will be resized . spec spec spec spec 
test against the void asserts int method it checks out that the method throws negativearraysizeexception if argument 
extract the variables from module node asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
signal that we should stop running asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a lazypstackx from an publisher asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
after rollback shouldn t throw any exception . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
asserts returns true if all the cells on the grid have been filled with tokens and neither player 
writes a html representation of the given grid to the given writer . spec spec spec asserts 
fills the table with the given value . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
frees the page to be returned back to the system . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indica si una lista descriptora tiene descriptores . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes a changelistener from the button . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reasonable tostring method . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
retrieves a header from the corresponding file . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
performs the operation . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the number is a power of . . . a good implementation found on the 
the main entry point asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an instance . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
accept the visitor . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
create a new holder with the specified value . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method will extract the single dimension from the complete high card dims byte . the format of 
tests fix for bug sqlexception is thrown when using property asserts spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests whether item is contained by range asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new ldap exception using the provided result . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string version of this resolution attribute . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance which will execute the specified command . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
paints the background of a menu . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
synchronizes on the given collection and returns a copy suitable for iteration . spec spec spec asserts 
a test method for this class . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new tagnotfoundexception datatype . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether or not the specified host and community have write access . spec spec spec asserts 
creates a known channel internally called when we join a channel spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method was generated by mybatis generator . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts object and returns it . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new pixelinterleavedsamplemodel with a subset of the bands of this pixelinterleavedsamplemodel . spec spec spec 
returns an immutable manage name identifier request object . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
resets the contents of a request log at the calling thread . spec spec spec spec asserts 
adds a extension point . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
wakes up node s successor if one exists . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
put a key double pair in the jsonobject . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parses the encoded row specifications and returns a rowspec object that represents the string . spec spec 
convert the given name to lower case . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
closes this connection . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
put or replace a long value . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a boolean constant value . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
if exception occur when create indexreader it will be thrown on getindexreader or get indexsearcher spec asserts 
creates a new uri instance of the given unencoded component parts . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a fully formed create statement using the input parameters . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
keep track of the distance for this predicate asserts asserts spec asserts asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
puts a reference to this label in the bytecode of a method . spec spec spec asserts 
gets a long representation of the value . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new lexicon context generator . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new instance of the exception using the explanation message specified . spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new subscriptionstateheader based on the newly supplied subscriptionstate value . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new credentials scope for the given host port any realm name and any authentication scheme . 
put a specific item at a specific location on the screen and then build up and down from 
update quantity count in inventory asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
generates a random account . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
counts votes without normalizing vector i . e . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method asserts selenium s until method . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
displays a dialog box describing an error which occurred . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the md hash of this byte string . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the graphical representation of a triangle point shape . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sends a list of supported progress types asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determine if the set is empty . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
getter for property predestroycalled . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the child array to the correct size . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts a stylecontext to a string . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
delete a poi type tag after a short time . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
saves elements of x in a file filename assuming that it is d real array . spec 
trim trailing comma from given string . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
use the given database name in the resulting configuration . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
download file from storage server asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a region and assigns a compressor . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if the supplied item is equal to the given this uses to compare the items asserts 
set the hour for the date that will be built by this builder . spec spec asserts 
compare two dates . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new exception with the specified detail message and cause . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an unconfigured appender . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a asserts with a heartbeat of . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check whether if we already receive response . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new on extended state changed . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
signals a waiting put . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
converts the provided string list to a string array . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new empty asserts which does not provide access to any objects . spec spec asserts 
get the primitive type by name . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
theoretical bond yield the default bond settlement and theoretical price are used for calculation . spec asserts 
opportunistically update the picture sizes cache if needed . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns true if dynamic region factory is closed . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the locale for the given bcp tag . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
appends the string representation of the boolean argument to the string buffer . spec spec spec asserts 
invoked when the asserts associated with the jtooltip has changed or at initialization time . spec spec 
package private for testing asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
compute covariance matrix for a complete database . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
description to display in the gui . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a map from the current one but also containing the given entry . spec spec spec 
create a new plugin result and send it back to javascript spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
replaces all the occurrences of variables with their matching values from the resolver using the given source as 
attempt to scroll to the track row that is currently playing spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return an enumeration of the extension field s object ids . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a reader . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handles generic motion events asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cancels a vmware task asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
the check currently performed is not sufficient as some carriers disabled this feature manually ! spec asserts 
test method for datagramchannelimpl . connect socketaddress asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the mark . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether or not this rectangle entirely contains the specified rectangle . asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
gets the value of the copy property . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
strips any segment name from the file naming it with this segment this is because segment names can 
sets the title property . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
registers an instance of this listener with the workspace . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new instance of asserts using an explanation . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes tag and class info index in element value . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
synchronously send a request and obtain the response . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
find the rvmmethod that this method reference refers to using the search order specified in jvm spec . 
add the relation of the relationship type to the target vertex . spec spec spec spec spec 
private static native java . lang . object asserts java . lang . class int spec asserts 
test for getprimeexponentp method assertion returns prime exponent p spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
augments this graph based on a given file . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parses the date format yyyymmdd to localdate asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when the webview is going not going to navigate but may launch an intent for an url 
turns this undomanager into a normal asserts . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if there are some permissions pending to be confirmed by the user and restarts the request for 
encode a zigzag encoded bit value . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
loads the string table out of the dex . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
on not active finger up asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether it has the the version of the image bytes . spec spec spec spec spec 
register configuration factories . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes an npc from the world and npc list asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
transform the scores into softmax regression . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
decrements usage count . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the number of foos where uuid . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
removes rsa session cache for the given tenant asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
drainto c empties deque into another collection c spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns the quadraticmean aka the root mean square for all values in this column spec spec asserts 
adds an event listener object . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
geographical longitude point in degrees to within which to search . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an asserts . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
read a b tree leaf page . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
invoked when a mouse button has been pressed on a component spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a hashcode for the specified value . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs the asserts problem . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of flowlayout with left alignment spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a network object for the scaleio instance and associate it with the varray spec spec asserts 
create a new message with the specified body and properties and send the message to an queuename 
cumulative density function . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns a default environment with no changes . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if a user s has sufficient privileges to perform this operation . spec spec spec asserts 
returns the range of values the renderer requires to display all the items from the specified dataset . 
writes an empty element tag to the output asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
zip combine this zippable with the supplied iterable combining both into a tuple spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a bufferunderflowexception . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
initialize the vector of extended types with the basic dom node types . spec spec spec asserts 
this method is provided for use by the contentresolver . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new exception with the specified message parameters . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
default implementation of the abstract method indicating that this part doesn t have any role . spec 
checks to see if certificate pinning is enable asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns a version of this periodtype instance that does not support weeks . spec spec spec asserts 
note this is a slow method since it makes many objects just to format one date time value 
constructs a sessiontracker to track the session object passed in . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the cipher suite used for the connection . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
unconditionally destroys all created pools that are in this manager . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
group the text of the play script by roles asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add the resource type uuid to the privileges in this application and persist them . spec asserts 
pushes the specified amount of characters back into the input stream . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new asserts view action . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
builds a certification path with the specified algorithm parameters . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
encrypt key does not use salting so the encryption result is the same for the same input 
support for java . sql . jdbctype java . sql . sqltype . spec spec spec asserts 
get an optional boolean associated with a key . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
creates a new jsfcomponent object . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
can not be instantiated . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method just to throw an nullpointerexception without being inlined asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
compute the signum of a number . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns null since writestream handles iso directly . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether all the fields in the asserts are set or not . spec spec spec asserts 
calculates the sliced size given the current size number of elements skip and the number of elements to 
executes the request and returns pluginresult . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the number of elements currently in vector . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a type id for a type that was generated locally . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the specified coordinate with the specified direction in user units . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
customize this form field s button label . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates chart panel visibility depending on enlarged status . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
swaps x a . . a n with x b . . b n . spec spec 
does this edge lead to a leaf ? asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether the text pane is editable or not . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a excc nparameterspec with an empty prefix list . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
append an object value . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
isconnected this method is used to check for network connectivity before attempting a network call spec asserts 
destroys the session via the session remote service url . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method to serialize custom session data asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
delete a directory and its contents . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
stop load more reset footer view . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
joins a channel with a key . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new facebookgraphobjectexception . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
draws as much of the specified image as has already been scaled to fit inside the specified rectangle 
forces a class to be linked initialized . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reloads the pluggable ui . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a boringlayout for the specified text potentially reusing this one if it is already suitable . 
note the language code is serialized as us ascii upper case for the purposes of defining the total 
returns the tip text for this property asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
does this device have a system navigation bar ? asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
transforms the currently selected screen point to a real point . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
utility method to read a line of data from the input stream asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ctor for a functional swing object with no prexisting adapter spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
send a stream s string tuples in a websocket text message . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
show empty view when there are not data to show spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the specified config from coordinator . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new jk dao exception . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs a new asserts with an explicit length spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if a message of the given level would actually be logged by this logger . asserts 
check transaction lock time . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
execute an sql statement . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the status of the headtask to expired . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add the selected paths to version control . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the size of the cache . spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
configure a zone . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new builder spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
common validation method for ids . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
the put method used by readobject . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asynchronously executes a query and stores the results in the given table instance . spec spec asserts 
initialize this alert dialog for information about a crash . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
move from fromc fromr to toc tor asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invokes the delegate s flush method . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates user interface components used by this view bean . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
revert to default value . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
load dynamic properties from current dynamic . properties location . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
fills the popup with text shows it . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
decodes data from web safe base notation . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
triggered when printer is changed asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns true if this list contains all of the elements of the specified collection . spec spec 
this was throwing an exception . . . it shouldn t . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
requests delegate to minimize the part asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates a dup instruction . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a copy of this affinetransform object . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a lazysetx that contains the longs between start and end spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new lock for writing . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether or not the specified data flavor is an html flavor that is supported . spec 
improves validation ux and enables disables save reset buttons depending on spec state . spec spec asserts 
only intended for use by generated reflected code . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
kanji iteration mark character predicate asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
used to execute this plugin tool . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
put a value in the jsonarray where the value will be a jsonarray which is produced from a 
simplified version of asserts that only deals with adding children views spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
the end of an attribute list . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a stress test with a small pool of concurrent clients . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test of getproperty method of class beans . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
logs the receival of the kill signal . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
update start point and direction bounds and search direction are not checked asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write out external representation for remote ref . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find the pool used by the given region . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
calculates the epsilon closure for a specified set of states . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
since the condition cannot be altered after creation we can just return the condition object itself . 
returns whether the catalog name in grant is supported . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check cookie value whether it has double quote or not . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
builds asserts service start state . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this function is included to allow the containing tile to directly and efficiently modify the energy contained in 
test that spec removes bogus castle flags . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a newarrayexpr type immediate grammar chunk . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
remove the log listener to use . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the method is abstract . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicator for retaining the union of multiple expiry policies . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns the full qualified component name of the extension . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
puts a short into this byte vector . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
recycles items from specified layout . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct and returns a new d matrix of the corresponding dynamic type sharing the same cells . 
changes the visibility timeout of multiple messages . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a asserts instance and initializes the operations root directory to its normal value . spec asserts 
return the most recent transitions s target state . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the token specified to the current linked list of tokens . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize a database from a sql script file . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a copy of the statement for method inlining asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
marshals and saves the given object to a file . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
pointers processed by asserts processing pointers that impact pointers in application code only . spec spec spec 
is geolocation push supported asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
removes and returns the item at the specified index . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
enters a new lexical state asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tells whether the proxy should modify remove the accept encoding request header field or not . asserts 
constructs a asserts with no supported actions . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
transform the values in this map using function . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if the message is a query . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new tintdoublehashmap instance with the default capacity and load factor . spec spec spec spec 
get the total number of pages will be if asserts is enabled asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a button with text . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes the specified byte the low eight bits of the argument b to the underlying output stream . 
constructs a new asserts name generator from the specified builder . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a new pan listener . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string identifying this pool as well as its state including indications of run state and estimated 
adds horizontal dividers to a recyclerview with a gridlayoutmanager or its subclass . spec spec spec asserts 
helper method to display locale info asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a desktop component to this component entry . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
stem the word placed into the stemmer buffer through calls to add . spec spec spec asserts 
a single preview frame will be returned to the handler supplied . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
skillcaster has blinded you by using skillname . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
pops up a save file file chooser dialog . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
starts the first timer . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if and only if at least one object is null spec spec spec spec spec 
shows the splash screen launches the application and then disposes the splash screen . spec spec asserts 
calculates the number of visible ticks . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a lengthexpr immediate grammar chunk . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns the squared difference between the two specified distributions which must have the same number of elements . 
returns true if a binding exists for the given matcher spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reference https github . com asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the listener from the collection of listeners who will be notified when the receiver s text is 
apply the preview color . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
insert a new registeredapp record . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct the initial partial hull . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
paints the background of the header of a table . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a short to the buffer properly aligned and grows the buffer if necessary . spec asserts 
rehashes the contents of this map into a new array with a larger capacity . spec spec 
no arguments to process so this does nothing . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new xml element . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove any pending posts of messages with code what that are in the message queue . spec 
a doc starts with the following bytes words th word x st word chunk size spec asserts 
adds contents of other into this set returns true if this set changed . spec spec asserts 
validates all geometries in a collection independently . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a geopoint from the trig functions of a lat and lon pair . spec spec asserts 
cancel player deletion process if its possible . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a date from its binary representation . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a byte string that wraps a subsequence of the provided byte array . spec spec asserts 
deep create multi level array asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
performs the actual copying . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new exception with the specified detail message and cause . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
start download process with a fixed duration . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a content model of empty . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new privatemlet for the specified urls parent class loader and urlstreamhandlerfactory . asserts spec asserts 
shows the dialog . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the given entry object from the dataset at the specified index . spec spec spec asserts 
convert a charsequence which are utf into a char array . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tear down instance variables required by this test case . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true for descending or false for ascending sorting order . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parses the generic signature of a method and creates the data structure representing the signature . spec 
returns the tip text for this property asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check whether the string matches the pattern . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
outputs the confidence for a rule . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
defines the abstract method in abstractpaneitem . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
performs a ridged linear regression . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns the dimension of this vector . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
build the resource map from the kml model s asserts element . spec spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
this builder will allow you to progressively construct this object . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds one more archive to a rrd file . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
creates a geometrycollection using the next token in the stream . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
does a get on the primary server using connections from the given pool spec spec spec asserts 
ctor for use to create an expression tree without child expression . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a new source spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
mode should be in the state itself asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a comparator for pairs by using an existing comparator that only compares the second element of the 
determines if this priority is lower than a given priority . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new modbusudptransaction instance with a given modbusrequest to be send when the transaction is executed . 
reduce the dimensionality of a single instance to include only those attributes chosen by the last run of 
takes the cross product of two vectors asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an empty simple sequence with preallocated capacity . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
on click on speech button asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
not accurate for large values . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
finds the class with the specified binary name . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
checks if the input field is null and if the length of the field is greater than zero 
create a new domainmodelexception . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
mask function for creating x f masks asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
prints this marshalexception its backtrace and the cause s backtrace to the specified print writer . asserts 
this method resets the outgoing events . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get a suitable debug string . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
number of friends to return . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test of equals of class move . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
creates an image from an inputstream asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the entry point of the test . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the user s tenant has a usage acl on the virtualpool spec spec spec 
returns the default noise rate asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes all attributes from the list . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
merge the given preceding expression into this expression while leaving asserts unchanged . the members normalized and original 
compute the intersection size asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
format as percent with one decimal . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
retrieves an asserts specified by local name and namespace uri . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new reference object queue . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
potentially update the oldest csn stored in this entry historical with the provided csn when its older than 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
byte swapping for int values . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the next binary message received on this connection . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
are group id and generation id ok for being an eligible rs for assured update ? asserts 
sync the icon and the visibility of the hdr asserts indicator . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
formats secure password feedback from event text . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
callback used when build has been finished spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the optional boolean value associated with an index . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
returns an enumeration of the additional measure names . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
slide animations to enter a view from right . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
subtracts vector v and overrides coordinates with result . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
start a full reconciliation run asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
multiply this matrix by the tuple t and and place the result into the tuple result result this 
removes all tracking icons . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a grid layout with the specified number of rows and columns . spec spec spec spec 
toggle the badge visibility in the ui . asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
returns true if c contains any non roleunresolved objects . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
exports a site . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generate a new theme object for this set of resources . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get mandatory serial no . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a line of context to this instance . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the given header . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct with a full predicate expression . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get cumulative flag . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a dsinfo structure representing this remote ds . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a cache using the given table buffer source storage engine factory initial table size and concurrency . 
send an error log message asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts returns true if player has placed three tokens in a horizontal vertical or diagonal row on the 
called when the activity could not connect to google play services and the auto manager could resolve the 
notifies all registered listeners of a column update event asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
outputs an example of a rule using the syntax information . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add an extent to this address and return the sum . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
signals that the user has clicked inside of the target spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the state we shift to . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
setting a criteria for filtering eu . mico . platform . persistence . impl . annotationimpl objects . 
reset all components before parsing asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a newly allocated byte array . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the relative fields in the business object format create request per specified business object format alternate key 
constructs a new exception with a descriptive message indicating that the servlet is permanently unavailable . asserts 
comprueba que el identificador del padre corresponde a un directorio existente spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a vectordrawable sequence from a list of nodes asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests that the spinner is hidden whenever a user add operation fails . spec spec spec asserts 
the current node id the shard is allocated on . spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
registers a asserts and returns it . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set the subtitle displayed by the player spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
fire an event to this object s listeners asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a label to the entry . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts with the given actions and switch value . spec spec spec spec spec 
returns a copy of the vector with an empty bit range inserted at the specified location . 
write a message to the log stream . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set whether or not pressing the back button will move to the previous page in the welcome screen 
more flexible aes decrypt that doesn t encode asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sends the registration id to your server over http so it can use gcm http or spec to 
for testing purpose only asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
put user credentials rest api asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set up all of the other objects to operate with a liusb ethernet interface spec spec asserts 
creates an empty list . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a shallow copy . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks a method signature . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
skips bits and moves current reading position forward . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
closes the stream and calls in . close . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clone this object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
recursively removes any files and subdirectories and then removes the file or directory itself . spec spec 
returns the distance from this mutabledouble d to the specified point . asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
initializes the panel with the given data asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance using the default prefix . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
stop any processing that the bean might be doing . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a x identity matrix . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set the room member avatar in an imageview . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns true if the table is empty or contains only a default assignment false otherwise spec asserts 
laedt die asserts fld . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a new bad location exception . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a jsonarray containing the elements of the specified collection in the order they are returned by the 
returns true if the path is on windows . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
processes the given challenge token . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prints the value followed by a line feed to the response . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method to check if today is trading holiday or not spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return an object s hash code or if the object is null . spec spec spec spec 
creates a signaturetokenconnection with the provided password and path to pkcs file . spec spec spec asserts 
this method initializes the components on the panel . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
assert that there are no billing events . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
removes the currently selected bytes . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests the functionality of the letter method which expects a context and a resource id as parameters . 
convert absolute pixels to scale dependent pixels . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method was generated by mybatis generator . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
perform a http post request and track the android context which initiated the request . spec asserts 
create reuse info asserts the smaller size is in the front of the size array . asserts 
find best or least bad arc addition operation asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
unwraps a byte array received from the server . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compares this matrix to another transformation matrix . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
construct an object with an connection given . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests whether a dword value can be read from memory . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
demand driven refinement based context sensitive points to analysis after running spark refine points to sets on demand 
handles use actions . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
builds an analyzer with the given stop words asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this perspective accepts instances asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
opens properites window of the datasource . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates and returns an enumeration that traverses the subtree rooted at this node in breadth first order . 
stops all components of the jobcoordinator . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks to see if table contains the given column family spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
as the filename of the model is not known the only solution is to write the model back 
redundancy level specified less than total eps . asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
check if this segment contains the pairs that are never clustered by any of the clusterings all . 
create a component manager initially populated with the given sequences which are considered seed sequences . asserts 
removes the specified tab from the asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the segment that should be used for key with given hash asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invokes the set of post disconnect plugins that have been configured in the directory server . spec 
constructs a asserts with the specified width and height . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a map with the specified initial capacity and load factor spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
call back method that can be explicitly over ridden if needed to execute some setup before looper loops 
bubble sorts the strings in a given string list where the longest string is the first checked . 
remove a presence manager for a session . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates and returns an empty graph projection on delegate . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes a key value pair from the input map s sortedset . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes a string and a new line then optionally flushes the buffer . spec asserts spec asserts 
updates a column in the current or insert row . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the cookie . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new instance to bake the transform with . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
formats the instance identifier to a form suitable for directory names . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates new asserts dialog where the parent is a dialog . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
sets whether or not intelligent recording should be disabled . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts miles to feet . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts back if we happen to overscroll the stack . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a new language . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
trims the capacity of the receiver to be the receiver s current size . spec spec spec 
draw the specified oval using the specified paint . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
loads a property file that in name value . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
we will cache window object in order to be able to provide parent shell for the message dialog 
remove fraction of milli seconds in sequence time asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads num bytes off the stream . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check for unused symbols . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an iterator with the specified initial index . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a merge request over one or more indices . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the total size of the application firmware . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts the given array of options for moving a file to options suitable for copying the file when 
remove all unnecessary comments from the java code that was produced by antlr spec spec spec spec 
initialize the view in the layout asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add an attribute to an attribute list . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
enables going back to the parent form after login is completed spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
have the object release it s resources . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
rotate point p around center point c . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return a simple string representation of this object . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
brings up a modal dialog to edit add remove css media . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
move selection to the next control asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
appends istore or wide istore lt n gt spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether the given entity is near this entity . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
forces this dispatcher to quit immediately . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
tests if this string ends with the specified suffix . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new partitionnotavailableexception with the given cause and no detail message asserts spec spec spec asserts 
unsubscribe and try to close the resources gracefully . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the given asserts to common defaults same for encoding and decoding . spec spec spec asserts 
determines the type of a property list by means of the first bytes of its data spec 
remove the entry corresponding to the distributed member asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the responseprovider with the given name . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
stitch this quadtree to its neighbors at the given level spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
updates the asserts textview on the ui thread . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add page to wizard . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines if the passed volume supports migration . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct an empty vectorclock asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
list of types separated by last type is java . lang . object . spec spec spec 
this function implements the semenatics of the asserts directive . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the human readable bytes number . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
move the selected item down asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method serializes an object of class out to the file specified as filename . spec asserts 
import a list of certs to keystore . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
draws the frameborder in the given rect . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get a string representation of this intervall . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this function is currently only being used by position and last . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the action with a duration and a bezier configuration spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the smallest bottom n values in the column spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clone this object using specified group asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
sets the request last log term . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
hash on the header asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
give a reentrantcontext instance for the current thread asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a circle from the input coordinates . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
scales the values in this array by b . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
opens up an editor to let the user view the given pcrunner . spec spec spec asserts 
encodes an http url query string replacing characters used for other things in http url query strings but 
creates a new malformedcookieexception with a specified message string . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
obtains the secondary order of the specified collation element i . e . spec spec spec asserts 
renders the ending boundary comment string . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invalidate specified sessions . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
returns the length of the content . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new logentryiterator . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
releases the asserts variable . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
transparent the given color by the factor the more the factor closer to zero the more the color 
return an error response generated by the jersey framework . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check whether or not the given asserts has the given attribute value . spec spec spec spec 
returns true if walking into the given directory would result in a file system loop cycle . 
gets the value of the asserts property . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
append an element to the typeargument list . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the cumulative distribution function . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests if a network location is reachable . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the modifiers include the enum modifier . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this creates a hypothesis from a candidate object asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reset document locator supplying systemid and publicid . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates day wheel . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
just appends a method to the class . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an asserts with the key set to all . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if the setstring method can safely be used for the given data field . spec asserts 
truncates a text if it is longer than maxwidth . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a bitcoinserializer with the given behavior . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
search query string . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when topic protection is removed for a channel . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a new localdatetime with this field set to the minimum value for this field . asserts 
create a new updater for the user s eclipse preferences and configure it to keep the ogl renderer 
internal apply the field translation from the asserts to the asserts . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if a capitalized word . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
escape all tokens that are part of the parser syntax on a given string spec spec asserts 
assert the specified values have been received in the declared order . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tell if this expression or it s subexpressions can traverse outside the current subtree . spec asserts 
returns a new instance of spec . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the name of the repository . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add attributes to the table . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is the windows classic l f currently being used ? spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculates the utility of a firing plan . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove the last element if it matches . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
builds a new category series . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a clone of the receiver with the same selection . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
create a bigdecimal from a negative long value scale is negative spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
update the springs in the system asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
create a buffered block cipher with the desired padding . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
paints the background of a radio button menu item . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
processes a delete request . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs a resource index entry asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
push a pair of nodes into the stack . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compare two characters in a string . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a pop messageinfo instance with number set to num size set to octets and identifier set to 
create a new dtmconfigurationexception with a given exception base cause of the error . spec spec spec 
construct the asserts associated with a hypergraph . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
offset the horizontal location of all children of this view by the specified number of pixels . 
log a message at level info according to the specified format and arguments . spec spec asserts 
returns the largest member of a data sequence . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
encodes a version using some logic . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a asserts instance . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
executes no op instruction . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
print the class name and all fields to a string . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
takes height margins asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
returns true iff project containing the candidate has a direct dependency to the project containing the delta . 
adds a new cause for multi exception . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a asserts transformation asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts s rule r if a b b c and a not spec to c then a c 
set the cookies for the http request . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
evaluate text in the interpreter at url returning a possible integer return value . spec spec asserts 
this method cannot be called directly . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates if a key corresponds to a reserved field . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a boolean telling if this namevaluelist has a record with this name spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if there is a clip and it should be antialiased asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method handles onactivityresult callbacks from fragment or activity . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
given a name for domain component construct the dc object in memory asserts spec spec spec asserts 
discard requests received in stop messages asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
build the spanning tree starting at the given root . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an iterator over the generators specified in the master file that is the parsed contents of generate 
draws the needle . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
arguments are . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
shows the about menu with more information about the program . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
the matrix which when asserts by asserts return vec . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates the asserts calculates the number of segments a table should have and creates a thread pool to 
util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a asserts with the specific hashing mode . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns next pseudorandom box can cross the th meridian asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the device is capable of service discovery spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert a date in iso format to the format needed for an http header . spec asserts 
return all the asserts for this stratum . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a static helper method to create the default pretty printing format . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write a point in the response . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
put a key value pair in the jsonobject where the value will be a jsonobject which is produced 
checks whether the given assocation is valid for registration . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
register a popout window so regular hotkeys can be added to it if necessary . spec asserts 
adds a single component to the location cache asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an exception with a message asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
utility method to find the first invalid character as per rfc section . spec spec spec asserts 
return a sample of sentences from this suffix array . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
associates an egl surface with the native window surface . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a asserts with the given samplemodel and databuffer . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new content object . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the first occurrence of the argument from this vector . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the tip text for this property . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method unconditionally emits a message to the logging system but does not throw any exception . 
creates a reader for the content of the given binary stream with the given name . spec 
construct this object from one of the strings in the fmt list parameter spec spec spec asserts 
create a new instance . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
update the asserts text fields . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
accept a test set asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find a generic entity by its primary key spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
inserts an element into the array at the specified index growing the array if there is no more 
counters information of which shall be returned spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the text matched by the current regular expression . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
processes events by recording their spec . spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculates sum of asserts asserts and asserts for all servlets for the given application . spec asserts 
check if the given url is external url . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
translate house code to text asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
unreads the most recent character of input . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
demonstrates how to use this class . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a new writer . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test commongramsqueryfilter in the case of a single stop word query spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
moves all threads from the wait queue for this condition to the wait queue for the owning lock 
initialize the panel . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the nn instance of a given target instance from among the previously supplied training instances . 
defensive programming technique to change a null reference to an empty one . spec spec spec asserts 
call the children visitors . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes a new point x y . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
normalizes an xsd asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
create the drawingattributes and call setproperties with a prefix for the properties . spec spec spec spec 
normalizes the given string . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the tip text for this property asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
offset needed to return a specific subset of followers . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
computes a hash code and applies a supplemental hash function to defend against poor quality hash functions . 
returns a funnel for integers . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
removes a previously added footer view . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an instance of asserts with the specified detail message . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the scope attribute on the last started tag that has not been closed . spec spec 
adds a listener to this list . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the minimum sample value asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invalidates cached headers . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
converts a jpeg binary input stream into a swf asserts tag and adds it to the sprite taglist 
registers the metadata for this element . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initiate the background indexing process . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a text representation of this object . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write the characters from a string . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an action group containing the specified actions . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
format some xml to more or less nice xml in html spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
make the given address page aligned to the page beneath it spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
unmarshals an x . crl from an der value . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
retains only the elements in this set that are contained in the specified collection . spec spec 
compile full template with unknown formal arguments . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
load image icon . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
decodes base content in byte array format and returns the decoded byte array . spec spec asserts 
create a new springforce . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
put bitmap to image cache asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
creates a new asserts object . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if there is a valid next element and sets the m pos and m spec fields accordingly 
parse the end element spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
hides all visible asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
inserts the specified object at the specified index in the array . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the element at index asserts from array creating a new array . spec spec spec asserts 
checks this renderer for equality with an arbitrary object . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
print out the receiver spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
if the start end trim are offset to begin with store them so that animation starts from that 
the sqlite lower function converts a string into lower case letters . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns if o s q value is higher . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an instance set to the specified date and time using isochronology . spec spec spec asserts 
provide your own light ! asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
can have multiple of the same unit to show multiple hits to that unit . spec spec 
create file for igfs path . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct new array iterator for given object . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
main method for running single tests from eclipse . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
common pool exists and has expected parallelism . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new thread object . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get error data . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a new array containing all elements contained in this vector . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new exception with the specified detail message and bean for jax ws exception serialization . 
turns an array of strings into an list of strings . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a dtmnodeproxy node representing a specific node in a dtm spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a new fidelity enumeration value with the given integer value . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a stack map attribute . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if a capability provider is a tesla consumer . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether or not the session has been successfully established and is currently active . spec spec 
creates a new asserts spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes wheel changing listener asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes an empty file . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates the specified directory along with all parent paths if necessary spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets jdk name . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
finds the first occurrence in an array from specified given position and upto given length . asserts 
performs the actual rendering . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
bulk deletes messages in a sub list created from the start and end indexes . spec spec 
same functionality as pushx weightx . pushy weighty which means this cell will push in both x and 
gets a pre configured documentbuilder provider that caches document builder instances in a per thread lru cache . 
activate snmp v encryption . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
indicates if this recording is currently playing providing samples to tuner channel sources spec asserts spec asserts 
checks to see if the given thread is one of the spec . spec spec spec spec 
stop the most recent stopwatch . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns lowest node . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns true if an edge exists between this node and the given node . spec spec asserts 
this method was generated by mybatis generator . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an instance with the specified settings . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
stores integer value into byte array assuming that value should be stored in little endian byte order and 
returns the tip text for this property . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a abstractquerybuilder instance that can be used to build api request with various parameters spec asserts 
browses to a server item using extension points to find a provider who can handle this hopefully version 
a random asserts port between start and end asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
register the extension namespace for an elemextensiondecl or elemfunction and prepare a support object to launch the appropriate 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
performs a search for the given string . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
emits a tuple to the specified output stream with a null message id . spec spec asserts 
reloads the workspace items from the db and re binds the workspace . spec spec spec asserts 
in url substitute the database name to avoid errors . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parse the received intent and initialize asserts . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether the constant defined by assignment is defined in the module node spec spec spec asserts 
leave precedence level . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
not supported yet . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parse and absolute uri record asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
the phone is flat long side pointing north at lat long . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
performs some processing on the given item . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add these components to a new panel stacking along the top side asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new wrapper object . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
finds the closest center to the given point by minimizing the euclidean distance spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new sparsearray containing no mappings that will not require any additional memory allocation to store the 
this utility method checks whether a particular string is null or not . spec spec spec asserts 
create a jar using the given file contents and with the given file name . spec spec 
returns the plug in directory . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
builds a string for a tostring method excluding the given field names . spec spec spec asserts 
adds a string to the constant pool of the class being build . spec spec spec asserts 
create a rational with a given numerator and denominator . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
inserts a float at a given offset . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns namedlist based on the order of asserts . asserts . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
alternate filter that uses regular expressions walking the grammar trie and matching the source side of each rule 
adds an element to the element . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
decorates an algorithm to periodically save checkpoints from which the algorithm can resume itself if unexpectedly terminated . 
get the contents of an inputstream as a character array using the default character encoding of the platform 
constructs a random initialization operator that includes one or more pre defined solutions . spec spec asserts 
previous tail function . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a new breakpoint builder based on a uri location . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
enforces that this instance is not sealed . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a java . awt . image . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clear the attribute list . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an unmodifiable view of the given print service attribute set . spec spec spec spec spec 
efficient method to check if a range of bits is set or not set . spec asserts 
constructs the test case . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a specially formatted string with all the contents of this matrix spec spec spec spec spec 
tells whether the menu is shown . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
finds character buffer in some range and returns its index . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialization code for test mode should go here . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove the card should it exist within the free location . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
releases the write lock if it is held without requiring a stamp value . spec spec asserts 
appends the methods built by the given builder the methods are built without annotations if necessary . 
find the fields constant that matches fieldid throwing an exception if it is not found . asserts 
get index of the specified command line argument . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if edges have gone out of bounds including snap margin and fix if needed . spec 
this method resets the incoming events time events included . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called by childrenremoved . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cancels the on going countdown if any . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
make sure that the directory server is running . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns a description of the classifier . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the largest closest to positive infinity double value that is not greater than the argument and is 
draws the axis on a java d graphics device such as the screen or a printer . 
returns true if this stream was created by this peer . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
gets the cancellation state of this event . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize all the asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
inserts one array into another char array . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this state is an ambiguous state . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
builds a configuration object holding information to use while building version . asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a jlabel instance with no image and with an empty string for the title . spec 
sort asserts by last invocation time asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test cargo ping component . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add backup partition descriptor . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets whether or not the exif metadata should be used to determine the orientation of the thumbnail . 
returns a bit hash of the given stream . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
methods for individual showcase views asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
loads an image into the imageview asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parse pid from jps output asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
delete secret by id spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
skips n bytes of input from this input stream . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
if the start end trim are offset to begin with store them so that animation starts from that 
gets the people in the specified show in the specified role . asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
invoked to indivate that an interval s endpoints were changed . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates the bucket size . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the vendor option . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create asserts with url spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a hashcode for the object asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clears discovery data to minimize message size . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
skips html comments . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
skillcaster summoned by using skillname . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the cosine between the objective vector and a reference vector . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct an address from its base representation . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
stops any sync removes listeners asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
pretend like this view always has focus so its highlight and cursor will be displayed . asserts 
creates new timeout exception with given error message and optional nested exception . spec spec spec asserts 
generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reverse the sequence . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
save content of asserts instance into xml file schema or configuration . spec spec spec spec asserts 
add the contents from the specified results asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
performs actual gzip of the filtered content . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes lt tag gt value lt tag gt to output stream spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a new row list for this session . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an instance of this operation . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
scan a tree from a position identified by a treepath . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add abstract section . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns index for hash code h . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
painting happened and the alpha maps need saving . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
schedules an fsync and a notification when the fsync completes . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
convenience method returning the text string of a token element . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string representation for this scope . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resolves the asset index . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check the size of the array and increase if needed spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
see notes about alpha in background x y z a . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the number of leading spaces in the string str . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
apply a rotation to this quaternion rotating the given radians about the z axis . spec asserts 
returns true if the text node children of the given elements should be output unescaped . asserts 
pair together the given game state and move evaluation . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads a parameter entity reference . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ctor for a functional swing object with no existing adapter spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
makes this class non instantiable but still let s others inherit from it . spec spec asserts 
test for asserts key key method spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
skip to the i th point in the sobol sequence . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
invokes the installui method on each ui handled by this object . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the sort order ascending true or descending false . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
process the http post request asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
construct a new page ranges attribute containing a single integer . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invoke the method with the given arguments sneakily propagates any exception thrown by the underlying method . 
creates all the markers for this task data instance . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
updated the bi directional associations between this program instance and the given entity instance and program . 
as the hotspot exits a platform dependent drop site asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes all email s from this user asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines whether the declaration s containing scope is a class or interface asserts spec spec spec asserts 
registers for monitoring and ranging events for all regions in the database . spec spec spec asserts 
check if the record contains a well defined variant genotype for the specified sample . spec spec 
resets the ui display asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create the record directory spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the given element from this set if present . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts a string into a byte array containing the bit packed gsm alphabet representation of the string . 
return a new map swapping key value for value key . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
test of getf method of class abstractthrottle . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
equivalent to read buffer buffer . length . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new tobjectdoublehashmap instance with the default capacity and load factor . spec spec spec spec 
get an asset using access streaming mode . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines if the specified coordinate is in the target touch zone for a horizontal bar handle . 
create a soapelement object initialized with the given local name . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is the command currently applicable ? asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculate the asserts quantity and update the quantity property . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates if a user parameter should be defined . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
animates the visibility of the fast scroller popup . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs the test case . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a utility method to figure out the closest distance of a border to a point . asserts 
custom implementation designed to be used with spring ioc so that we can inject the required caches e 
creates run configuration contains raw location of the module to run . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a builder . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
starts the port listening . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
inits the mjpeg library asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
handle a port status message . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
replaces the item at the specified index in the scrolling list with the new string . spec 
process all requests to this servlet asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
no arguments to process so this does nothing . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clear the gesture token . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
requests that this applet be resized . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a sub line from two endpoints . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
makes menu for asserts called by asserts at init before contents have been loaded spec spec spec 
flushes the buffered logrecords in a separate thread to prevent blocking . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
entry point for the example application . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method serializes the given byte to the given byte buffer to the given offset the method also 
compares two timestamps numerically . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
connects this input to the relevant output of the referenced transaction . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find the fields constant that matches fieldid or null if its not found . spec spec asserts 
construct the frame headers using the provided sequence number nonce length of content and boolean value indicating if 
constructs an analyzed prefix completion query asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether the log needs to be truncated based on the spec . spec spec spec asserts 
processes the requested action . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method is called when a client tx transitions to the completed or terminated state . spec 
creates a new synchttpclient . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes this cipher with a key and a source of randomness . spec spec spec spec spec 
creates a set of integers from the given list of integers . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines whether or not the specified line is allowed by the filter . spec spec spec asserts 
delete all plugin objects . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the project exists and it uses gwt . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
if all looks good perform gcs on all processes waiting for them . spec spec spec asserts 
returns the tip text for this property asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
disables metrics for the server by setting opt out to true in the config file and canceling the 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
lock the focus as the first step for a still image capture . spec spec spec asserts 
sets up a number of internal server data structures to ensure that they are properly initialized for use 
send an empty data chunk asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
format the parameter list . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a abstractquerybuilder instance that can be used to build api request with various parameters spec asserts 
method asserts handle current diagnostic object filling it with user owner and return this edited object asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
given a psi method and its primary hkey enumerate all contract keys for it . spec asserts 
create a new asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ctor for a functional swing object with no prexisting adapter spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new easy bluetooth mod . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads a remote object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new equality search filter with the provided information . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
skillcaster s casting speed has changed because he used skillname . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
emit an instruction sequence to load current asserts object from a location defined by base offset asserts 
called when this application is no longer the device administrator . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether the scroller has finished scrolling . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
zooms out by . f x and y are the coordinates in pixels of the zoom center . 
writes the current skin to the specified xml file . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the command back into the command pool . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new run configuration from scratch for running the given spec . spec spec spec asserts 
this method stop adb server asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called to write data about this quest asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests reading and parsing a whole message with every field type . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parses an element representing a asserts to create asserts . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the two provided data objects are equal or both null . spec spec spec 
this method adds the child to the specified parent node . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
utility formatting method . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string representation of the object . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new empty weakhashmap with the given initial capacity and the default load factor . . 
modifies all the templates under this organizational unit that contain any policydn in given asserts . asserts 
returns filled colored triangle that is used for drawing sharp tags spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
reads an account object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new modify operation based on the provided modify operation . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new flowlayout with the specified alignment and a default unit horizontal and vertical gap . 
insert time stamp . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
shows up history dialog asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
returns whether it has the spec . spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
corrects the length of a byte array to a multiple of a passed blocksize . spec asserts 
chains this style to referential style . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
renders the text specified by the specified string using the current font and paint attributes in the graphics 
adds a stroke to the gesture . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add the component wise multiplication of a b to this vector . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a notserializableexception object with message string . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an inset border with the specified thickness and theme colors spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
wait for and receive a response . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
check whether the durable write is enabled . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
inserts x into the back of the list . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method that will find all sub classes and implemented interfaces of a given class or interface . 
add tag into global list of tag spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
we use the objectinputstream asserts callback to update the ui for the entire tree of components after they 
print debug level information with package name asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
we need to handle adding the component specially . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an empty list . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invoked when the mouse exits a component asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicate that documents have been added spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return if str is empty asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reemplaza el fichero de anotaciones asociado al documento asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
serializes writes asserts s value asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
this method will validate the dictionary data asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
create a new cursor . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert json to map object asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates all of the data for this download obtaining fresh information from the contained downloader instance . 
deletes the entity with the given id and returns the actual entity that was just deleted . 
given an index in the range . . . size returns the key from the indexth key value 
this method is called when no data is existing for the given threshold in the latest period . 
all promises must complete . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the dopost method of the servlet . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes chars from a stringbuffer to a writer . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
adds a configuration parameter for a module asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests mounting a single obb that is signed with a different package . spec spec spec asserts 
sets the key and identifier in the transfer object asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
schedule handleshow into the right thread asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
factory method to produce a scope . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
public method to normalize a system name returns a normalized system name if system name has a valid 
check if the download has been paused or canceled stopping the request appropriately if it has been . 
skillcaster inflicted num damage on skilltarget by using skillname . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new instance of the x hat transformation . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts transform asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
transfer the sequence with the specified id from the reader to the writer . spec spec asserts 
restores the state to the next state on the saved states stack . spec spec spec asserts 
runs transform with the default number of threads . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
create an attribute list element . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
validates that a clientbundle method has zero arguments . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
puts one byte and two shorts into the constant pool . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create the mouse listener . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
inserts the value into this builder . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts with the specified asserts but otherwise does nothing . spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new proxy authorization v request control with the provided authorization name decoded using the default schema 
evicts all entries in cache . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
deletes the qtree at the given path vol lt volume gt lt qtree gt . spec spec 
creates a split stream clause . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
closes the file writer and deletes the lockfile if possible . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
create a fits object associated with a data stream . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this pointer assignment edge use pointer assignment edges to model this parameters . spec asserts spec asserts 
add a asserts resource to this vfs . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is it a reserved stream name in asserts namespace ? spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
applies the options currently set in this paneitem . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
inserts the given instructions at the begining of this list . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
iteratively adds paths to the code emission block order . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prints a way entity . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a property . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
computes one inheritance path from supertype to subtype or null if subtype does not inherit from supertype . 
convenience function to read out and convert deadline and delay from xml into elapsed real time . 
close the stream . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
configure the maximum number of iterations . spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if a user is authenticated . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write many log records to the stream . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a runtimecryptoexception with the given message . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates key instance to be used to store values in the map . spec spec spec asserts 
cannot instantiate this class . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
return the current date time overridden in tests asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance with the specified edge directionality . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
does not set feature id . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
obtains the key as a localized string . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the local code node comments . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a new vector store initialized from disk with the given spec . spec spec spec asserts 
squared euclidean distance . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new bitsetbuffer from an existing one asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
each coroutine in the set managed by a single coroutinemanager is identified by a small positive integer . 
returns print names of files part of the compilation . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns true if this policy allows resizing the bottom edge spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert a long mac address to a byte array asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
apply the operation to two operands and return the result . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new doubledouble with value equal to the argument . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
accept and apply a persistent event binding from a non interactive source . spec spec spec spec 
creates an sqlnontransientconnectionexception object . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes an actionlistener from the indicator . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if the combination of x values array and dataset array is legal or not . spec 
add a container property . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes initial leading whitespace characters from s . member whitespace see above defines which characters are considered whitespace 
creates a propertychangelistener that can be added to the jspinner itself . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
todo check if this can be removed and the subsequent asserts method can be used in its place 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
returns the next element of this enumeration . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new empty attribute . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
figures out what the response source will be and opens a socket to that source if necessary . 
closes the cache entry and makes the socket available for reuse . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
increments lines count . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invokes values on backing map . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true is the location is a leg spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
releases the element currently stored at index . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test for serialversionuid field spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if a remote client is active on the supplied stream type . spec spec spec asserts 
is file acceptable ? spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
insert data using sql buffer implementation on asserts . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
should never be called . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
validates that the given input string is a valid long number . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
notifies observers about data changing asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method will be invoked when a service s schema has been changed . spec spec spec 
create the one element . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
destruction of the servlet . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
equality purely based on id not anything else . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convenient method verifying invocation of the initialize method against the passed modules . spec spec spec asserts 
make a list of all adjustments including order adjustments order line adjustments and special adjustments shipping and tax 
return the next object read from the stream called if a comma is found first in order to 
a resource has been copied asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an mbeanexception that wraps the actual java . lang . exception . spec spec spec asserts 
removes users from the assignable dynamic group . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compare for equality . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a view to prompt user for referral type before referral creation . spec spec spec asserts 
initializes an input stream from a url . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
provides the command line arguments to the main application for processing and returns the exit code as an 
create conversion list from default resource file tab delimited csv prot res conversion . csv spec asserts 
disables logging before the tests . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invokes the asserts method on each ui handled by this object . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a product scan having the two underlying scans . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compares two bufferedimages pixel by pixel . spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
finish processing of the bytes by decrypting the ciphertext . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
verify attributes populated on asserts from level module asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
allocate as many blocks as possible from the start of the warrant . spec spec spec asserts 
chooses randomly the attributes that get asserts numeric . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
perform a http put request with parameters . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a new gatt characteristic has been discovered . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calls the super method and tests if the k nearest neighbor distance of this node is correctly set 
creates a log input file with the specified input stream . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
combine bytes high byte and low byte to one whole byte spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
create a new transformerfactoryconfigurationerror with the given exception base cause and detail message . spec spec asserts 
tell the user of an error and probably throw an exception . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
new bigdecimal int mathcontext asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates whether this parameters specifies a program incident end date . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines whether the user can upload a change to the ref controlled by this object . asserts 
undoes all changes from the index of the next edit to edit updating the index of the next 
call the compose function for each elemtemplateelement . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines whether a given view contains a node with a given address . spec spec spec asserts 
return a list of operators that are required asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
organizer phone number for events asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a ifloodlightmodule for this context . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a class representing the mysql dialect . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
method is called when an element was removed . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if the given date is between the dates asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates the keymap for this text area . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
should cause a complete disconnection from grappl s servers . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns all edges not existent in another graph . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
changes the source and the columns of the specified event objects to make them look as if they 
calls a confirm dialog . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ensures the truth of an expression involving the state of the calling instance but not involving any parameters 
returns true if the given point p is to the left or on the line created by a 
creates a messageformat with the given pattern and uses it to format the given argument . spec 
this function will trim the given input string . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests if the file exists . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a new connection to the resource referred to by this url . spec spec spec asserts 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
sets the sort order . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the next work list item . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether the lower numeric bound of the attribute is open . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
perform a mathematical operation add subtract scalar max etc on the specified integer column with a scalar 
gets the value of the ipv supported property . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new instance . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds additional parameters to the inform packet . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether this data object contains a timer data object of some sort . spec spec asserts 
normalize a passage according to its position in the document . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ctor for an object being created during load process swing init is deferred . spec spec asserts 
construct an asserts move with given col row and mark to be placed . spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new jk exception . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
increases the value of the current counter by one . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
create an operation to copy from the original clipboard to the given extent . spec spec asserts 
sets the correct drawable states for the playback controls . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if a location is old . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
create data for the background data set asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
periodically checks active passive changes on smis provider . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if the given load instruction should be ignored for backtracking . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
initialize the activity data asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
clears the logs on the file system . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cleans a directory without deleting it . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new uninitialized asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
starts the profiler if profiling is enabled . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the next value . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new network response . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
validate the given type variable name . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert a string to a constant schema asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get an optional string associated with a key . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns a snapped value . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a new deterministic automaton that accepts only the empty string . spec spec spec spec spec 
remove the adapter from the recycler asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests the returned sort values are correct asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new aggregate delay strategy . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
retrieves a number of generic elements from a completed delete operation . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method parses the given pattern into segments seperated by wildcard characters . spec spec spec spec 
called when the activity is first created . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
error generating the java code . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prints the value to the response . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
checks whether the given path points to a file that is a valid skin specification . spec 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
broadcast packet to all visible players . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
adds quantity to current quantity . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
upon close register files opened by create source class file for annotation processing . spec spec spec 
constructs a matrix view with the given parameters . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
stops the actor system . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
visits the end of the annotation . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
transform the values in this map using function . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new classpath instance that can load classes from the given dex files spec spec asserts 
check if number is even . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
helps sort an array of doubles . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a required element rule . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if the value contains valid characters is not to long for an user id and has no 
registers a rest listener with policy service to recieve notifications on policy changes spec spec spec asserts 
initializes this factory with a source of certificate authorities and related trust material . spec spec spec 
adds another list entry and the corresponding tooltip . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
saves an offline copy for the specified tab that is bookmarked . asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
removes the mapping at index from the map . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a asserts with the specified length limit that wraps the provided servletinputstream . spec spec spec 
see the general contract of the readchar method of datainput . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of spec . spec spec spec asserts 
create a listening bluetooth socket and listen for murmur connections . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
since linux . address below program command line arguments argv are placed . spec spec spec asserts 
method decode takes the text children of the element and interprets them as input for the base . 
process the voices and generate the next samples . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is the command currently applicable ? asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
in order to save space fields that are set to their default value don t get serialized into 
calls the equivalent method on the proxied quartzscheduler . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prints a character buffer followed by a newline . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
override if your map does not allow a null key . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
tests fix for bug not specifying database in url causes asserts exception . spec spec spec asserts 
convert a cookie list into a jsonobject . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an htmlwriter object using a specified bundle for localizing messages . asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a explain scan for this query . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the cumulative distribution function . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
registers the metadata for this element . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the results time to live in minutes . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates the instruction to create a new object . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the number of nodes in this tree . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new ldapconnection and invokes a connect operation using information provided in the parsed set of arguments 
use this factory method to create a new instance of this fragment using the provided parameters . 
asserts encode id helper function which returns asserts uri if possible instead of id . spec asserts 
server packet asserts asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method calls execute method and persist the output till runtime . asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
a factor that is used to multiply with the size in order to inspect more candidate suggestions . 
returns the number of keys in this cache . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
disconnect from the server spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ensures that a required property has a default if unspecified . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates local or remote asserts according to configuration asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parses the date value using the given date formats . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
lazily construct the lookup table for this schema . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if the given domain is in one of the seven special top level domains defined by the 
returns a copy of this datetime with the millis of day field updated . spec spec asserts 
this method is used to change the status of volume on administrator request spec asserts spec asserts 
converts a size in pixel coordinates to view coordinates . spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
instantiates a new data buffer . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new doublevector that represents the middle of the two specified vectors . spec spec spec 
forwards to rolechanger . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a sort possibly in reverse specifying how the sort value from the document s set is selected 
interrupts clock thread s wait method to force time update spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
probability and sampling related code follows asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clears the permissions currently associated with this loginbutton . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
start flash animation . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
print context counts totals only print total number of contexts . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a copy of the current instance to achieve immutability spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert a number to a negative long value the number fits in a long . spec asserts 
return a string containing a copy of the chars in this buffer limited to the start end range 
enables the evaluation of all metrics . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new child element sorted wrapper with a plugin element . spec spec spec spec asserts 
this is for use by main asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
listen for the activation of an internal frame record this property for correct processing of the frame cycling 
constructs a priority queue with an initial capacity of and natural ordering . spec spec spec asserts 
parses a plain string from the current parsing position . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a snapshot of the volume spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
allow one element through per time period drop all other elements in that time period spec asserts 
creates a copy of the field . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
detects the language of input text taking in account the expected language of the text . asserts 
the start of the document . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if it is a one node deployment required by trial package in vipr . spec asserts 
creates a color chooser pane with the specified asserts . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes a byte in the java programming language to this sqloutputimpl object . spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new object state . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns for a table giving the equivalence between the positions of the attributes in the exampletable and the 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
computes the distribution for a given instance spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
read the specified number of bytes into an array . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
subscribe to a returned fallback publisher when an error matching the given type occurs . spec asserts 
filter an error event . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert dip to px asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
create yaml instance . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a single style from the passed in styles . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts dialog . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prepare e . g . get parameters . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates the taskmanager . tasks necessary to inform participants to vote . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the first line of proc pid stat or null if failed . spec spec spec spec 
constructs a brown red mushroom block with all sides set to spec . spec spec spec asserts 
look up the given object using its jndi name . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to know if the playlist is empty . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add an additional compilation unit into the loop build compilation unit declarations their bindings and record their results 
encode the line prefix which consists of the single character . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
verifies the configured import bucket and file names . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an xliff writer object . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a list consisting of given element . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
draws the background image . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return a wildcards object that has the given flags set note not a mutator function . spec 
populate a map of nodes to edge counts with zero as the count for every node . 
return the first child element returns the first element . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a wrapper that decorates the specified primitive map . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when an atomic test flags that it assumes a condition that is false spec spec spec 
gets the subtype with the given name simple or asserts . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
implements both addition and subtraction they are the same in gf size . spec spec spec asserts 
removes the specified component from the container . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
releases resources associated with this object . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if the provided string is urlencoded . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
auto generated axis error handler override this method for handling error response from queryassociatedlunsforport operation spec asserts 
creates a grid layout with the specified rows and specified columns . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a tableswitchstmt expr int int list of unit stmt grammar chunk . spec spec spec asserts 
quick access method to render a given event in the json format . spec spec spec asserts 
must return a proper response to this request . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
create and set the graphic within the state machine . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
atomic write once . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
subscribes a module to changes of a certain value . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
build with the specified loggers . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether the debug output is enabled . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called for a connection close asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method is called when the statistic button of all categories was clicked spec spec spec asserts 
convenience method to determine if the virtual pool supports mirrors spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a message digest length . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
renders using the given rendering surface and area on that surface . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove the mime mapping for the specified extension if it exists otherwise no action is taken . 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if drawing percent values is enabled asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this generates a coin flip with a probability probability of returning true else returning false . asserts 
appends a string representation of the given constant to the given buffer . spec spec spec spec 
performs the necessary assertions to ensure an incomplete metric file is read correctly . spec spec asserts 
this method is declared in the menu . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a simstate with a new schedule the provided random number generator and a bogus seed . 
convert pixel to dp . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found . spec spec asserts 
sets the direction of an npc spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the script . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
optimizes the internal storage structure . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize an x key object from an input stream . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates entries on the server asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test whether a task should be displayed in the overview plot . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines the width of this view asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
auto generated axis error handler override this method for handling error response from asserts operation spec asserts 
make a dh private key out of a private value x a prime modulus p and a base 
method called when an object is removed from the maphandler . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
scores the given dag up to a constant . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invoke a javascript alert . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether the given fs has already been copied using this spec . spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if command contains any options . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
lists the continuous copies for the given volume . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new filter which asserts request throttling using the given supplier . spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new katharsisinvokerexception exception with the given message . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
encodes a short . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
closes the physical connection and checks that the logical connection was closed as well . spec asserts 
update the color in the default style of the document . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
returns a hash code for this fieldposition . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
verifies that the asserts method returns the proper color counts . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
true comments will be returned as numbered objects in addition lists of profiles and groups objects will be 
perform an svn checkout based on the request . asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
append a single character onto the faststringbuffer growing the storage if necessary . spec spec spec asserts 
writes array to output stream . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates an envelope for a region defined by a single coordinate . spec spec spec spec spec 
call asserts whenever a charbuffer is not extended any more and is kept to store the content permanently 
return true if we have reached a desired file offset position . spec spec spec spec spec 
reads next bit value lsb first asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
execute the waterfall . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
given the smallest base address in a region return the smallest object reference that could refer to an 
logs signin promo action to uma histogram . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
specifies that this tokenizer shall parse numbers . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a weak cache for the jvmmemmanagertable . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
overrides the parent implementation to install a socketproxy in front of the jetty server . spec asserts 
exit interproscan immediately with the supplied exit code . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the time taken by the last task . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns a string representation of this entity . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
offset relative to the end of the buffer . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the renderer with a standard color asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this function is used by asserts to fill in all the members of this object . asserts 
set the timezone for the date that will be built by this builder if null system default will 
called when the activity is becoming visible to the user . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
displays a toast with an error message . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
you are not supposed to instantiate this class . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
respond by sending a message to the channel in user message or if its a private message respond 
throws runtimeexception to indicate failed assertion . spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this removes a listener . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method for constructing a new instance with configuration that updates passed object as root value instead of constructing 
run the build . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a new exception with the specified detail message and no root cause . spec spec asserts 
registers the given validator classes with the given constraint annotation type . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicated if a failure has occurred for delayed reporting asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
transforms object to string if it is not null . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
transmit a message to the server asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
make the badge visible in the ui . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if the two switchports belong to the same broadcast domain . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the optional string associated with an index . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
create the texture that will serve as our framebuffer . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
checks if the supplied block is equal to the given this uses block . braces to compare the 
decompresses the next byte from this input stream . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new factoryconfigurationerror with a given exception base cause of the error . spec spec spec 
validates the business object definition specific fields in the business object data notification filter . spec asserts 
writes a stream of bytes representing an audio file of the specified file type to the output stream 
notifies the activity tracker that there was activity on the connection . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
flushes the internal buffers asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compute val n return this product if it is representable as a long inflated otherwise . asserts 
execute shell command default return result msg asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sorts attributes of a given node asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
overridden for performance reasons . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates the ui . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the buffer s underlying char array . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a grid item view using the settings from the style assigned to the theme attribute spec . 
ensures the truth of an expression involving one or more parameters to the calling method . spec 
constructs an instance and sets to the given format asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets configuration containing all needed information for building configuration scripts . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an xpathfilter parameterspec . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return true if bluetooth is currently enabled and ready for use . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method has been deprecated as of opensso enterprise . . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates the ok cancel buttons panel asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an instance of noinitialcontextexception with an explanation . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
creates a bit field with the given number of bits . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
add placemarks to a layer to mark the position of tactical graphic control points . spec asserts 
removes a file on the server spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
put a key boolean pair in the jsonobject . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
deletes the string wherever it occurs in the builder . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the ip address of the host matches the specified ip address pattern . asserts 
install package normal by system intent asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
list result to map the map key is primary key id spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new hashmap . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
print formatting function . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests if this path is a nested property of the given path . spec spec spec spec 
check if the member match a given substring asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the jars in the given directory to classpath asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method is called upon plug in activation spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes a character to the buffer . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an asserts using the supplied attribute factory as the factory for all other attributes . asserts 
returns a function with arguments applied to the supplied trifunction spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculates the nearest point to this point on the horizontal or vertical line through p other snaps this 
provides serialization support . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
print a message to tell that a file has been found spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a stream consisting of the elements of this stream which keys don t match the given predicate 
runs the given script source with command line arguments asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a linear regression model for the given tabular data set . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new instance . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
insert a new model instance . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a deferred drop iterable for the specified iterable using the specified count as the size to drop 
checks if this instant is before the specified instant . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes an attribute . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
creates a new modify dn response protocol op with the provided result code . spec spec asserts 
create a new instance . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a jsontokener from a reader . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
contexts requiredruntimelibrarydependency returns requiredruntimelibrarydependency constraint project simpleprojectdescription asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a certificate . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sends asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test for an eviction event . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads in a sequence of strings from standard input asserts them and prints them to standard output in 
inform tracker that a rollback has occurred cancel any pending commits spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test for getmgfparameters method assertion returns mask generation function parameters spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
perform a binary search over a sorted range of an array for the given key . asserts 
creates a policy creation view bean . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get a set of deleted artifact ids asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
on received http auth request . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a copy of the given authenticateduser which is associated with the data stored in the provided asserts 
returns whether open result sets across commits are supported . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a higher order function returns a function . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
gets the value of the asserts property . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates vector objects from the vertices of the mesh . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
print out a short summary string for the dataset characteristics spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ambiguous syntax ? asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
removes from this list all of its elements that are contained in the specified collection . asserts 
filters according to type . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
finalizes the equals method asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new action to reset the given block asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a line border with the specified color and a thickness . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
contexts asserts returns templatesegment constraint rawvalue no substitution template literal spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes entry from map by index spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
registers the specified format . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
unknown set a triangular waveform for one voice . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance of a class using the specified classloader spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests whether a line intersects a point or the point passes to the left or right of the 
returns true if the current child of this object is selected . spec spec spec spec asserts 
updates title based on the sensor configuration class . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether the supplied value is an instance of asserts and whether it has been created by this 
ends the current basic block . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
by default monitors sensor and controls locomotive long . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
notifies about a teleport asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests if the given exception was caused by this stream . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a dtm . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sends a private message to a receiver asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method runs asserts proc in mysql and adds process log . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
function invoked when a user shares an image with the asserts app asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts the revised text for a given patch asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
regenerate a target file for a resource module . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns pull request url . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the default asserts . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this function is used to fixup variables from qnames to stack frame indexes at stylesheet build time . 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
adds window listener a with window listener b and returns the resulting multicast listener . spec spec 
used to retrieve the number of lines in a file . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this adds a property descriptor for the value feature . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new opensslmessagedigest instance for the given algorithm name . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
casts the value to an even integer . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
subclasses can over ride this method to use different restrictions as to what a player can buy 
register the baud rate of the output link where the current entity that holds the spec will send 
sets options for memory cache asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reverses the order of the bytes of the specified integer . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
subtracts other from the object . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tries to find a provider class in a web context parameter . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
drops underlying database table using daos . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets layouts width and height asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new entry with byte array contents . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
you removed abnormal mental conditions from skilltarget by using skillname . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
an anonymous allocation site spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a text holding the characters from the specified string . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
byte array to hex . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
resets the iterator to return edges of a node with this information . spec spec spec asserts 
parses the content using provided asserts parser . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
processes the requested action . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance that outputs a tar archive . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tries to automatically set the ranges of all axes that are set to auto scale . asserts 
returns true if the external storage is writable . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a keypairgenerator object for the specified algorithm . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
registers an observer to receive index change notifications . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
brief this asserts a b t asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
stores the given object on the given stream using java serialization . spec spec spec spec spec 
check if the two bitmaps have the same dimensions and pixel data . spec spec spec spec 
add keys to cache only on primaries nodes . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a negativearraysizeexception with the specified detail message . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
build a new token builder with the specified value asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
coverts given bytes array to array of ints . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
register an event type and associated class . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
delete luns from consistency group asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if field cursorrequest is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise spec asserts 
constructs an illegalcomponentstateexception with the specified detail message . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
adds the given instruction to the end of this list . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the value of the asserts property . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test whether data length is asserts calculated . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new float control type . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
decodes web safe base content in byte array format and returns the decoded data . spec asserts 
used for removing items from the network asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new objectfactory that can be used to create new instances of schema derived classes for package 
translate the region by dx dy . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests the behaviour of https connection in case of unavailability of requested resource . spec spec spec 
extract path to env directory asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs out of memory exception . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add an object to the dictionary . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
lookup types in the library asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
called when notifications are removed asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the bluetooth has been turned off but hot . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines whether a line segment intersects this frustum . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
classifies the entity and possibly adds it to a buffer for printing . spec spec spec asserts 
forward a message to the listeners e . g . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new saxexception . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true iff there is currently another object in the queue . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the list of unmanaged volumes for the given storage system by id . spec spec asserts 
invoking bounded ints long doubles with illegal bounds throws illegalargumentexception spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
write bytes to output or random access file . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handles events coming from the phone stack . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return true if the session is currently re established with a session resumption abbreviated initial handshake . 
registers a bean instance for injection . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates whether the session is being unregistered . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
verify the the constructed object has the correct unknown attributes type . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads all chars from given reader until an eof is read and returns them as a string . 
generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates new form asserts spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
opens the dialog by edit option in context menu using clickable area . spec spec spec asserts 
append to the tostring a short array . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
makes the empty view visible if the empty view was added to your layout . spec asserts 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
makes a directory including any necessary but nonexistent parent directories . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set this quaternion from the supplied euler angles in radians with rotation order xyz . spec asserts 
overrides the abstract method in the superclass . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tries to connect a socket to all ip addresses of the given hostname . spec spec asserts 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
shortcut to check whether a tld exists or else throw . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a channel listener to the channel . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of the kraskov stoegbauer grassberger estimator for pi with the supplied kraskov stoegbauer grassberger 
search the current node for a similar name . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
stops the counter monitor . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
marks the start of a query identified by the provided correlationid with additional query type and data parameters 
copyparentsets copies parent sets of source to dest bayesnet asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resize the table to hold given capacity . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
log a message with associated throwable information . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
searches for users in this people container using wildcards and attribute values . spec spec spec asserts 
adds a startup check that waits till the runtime finishes within the startup timeout bounds . asserts 
indicates whether map has any entries . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
computes the greatest common divisor of the two specified integers spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
sets the value of this matrix to the sum of itself and matrix m . spec asserts 
copies the contents of this state object to another . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates the layout for the panel . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this will handle printing of processing instructions . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new thread pool and sets the created thread pool as the default thread pool for batch 
tear down after testing . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates the default continuous distribution instance to use in tests . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
sign in user if possible . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a file system mount that maps to a subfolder of the save directory for a given world 
a valid barcode has been found so give an indication of success and show the results . 
disconnect the connection and reset all the states . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new materialpackage object asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
helper method to set the expected exception for an uninitialized exception type . spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a new action object . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the returned format string doesn t contain any sign . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test of setf method of class abstractthrottle . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if any of the league records were broken by teams . spec spec spec spec spec 
constructs a label with specified attributes that displays text at a geographic position . spec spec asserts 
creates a mutablecontextset from an existing map spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
wait for the incoming connections identified by the keys in the argument to receive and dispatch the number 
asserts that the the circuit is opened after a single failure . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
restore the additional stored state asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
starts a fling with the specified velocity . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
ctor creates function with default name spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clean all in rcs contact provider asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
add non stackable item to inventory asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts a list of priced product role domain objects into the corresponding value object representation . spec 
constructs an integer parameter with the given optionid . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
replaces this synchronizedrandomaccesslist with a synchronizedlist so that jres before . can deserialize this object without any problems 
add a nested asserts of classes dirs . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
call the compose function for each elemtemplateelement . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
append an object value . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tells whether the delete button is displayed or not . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generate an ndef message containing the given wi fi configuration spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
below method will be used to fill the data based on offset and row id spec asserts 
returns true if the given dest component is in the row of the source component spec spec 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
read the properties from csvfilepartitioner . properties asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
encodes binary data using the base algorithm but does not chunk the output . spec spec spec 
connects to a new ip address and port after startup . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
run command to get dump file spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
internal get the attribute value from the object and add the appropriate values to the specified database row 
remove paused sites from db geodb strategy options on the active site . spec spec spec spec 
advertising account id . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
tries to create the player in the database . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
rewrite all links in an html string based on the asserts urls settings . spec spec asserts 
extracts the low signed bit nibble from the least significant byte of the given value spec asserts 
remove a specific listener from a specific class listener spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
called when activity is no longer visible . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
deletes all files inside a directory then the directory itself one level only no recursion spec spec 
there is no xml representation specified for uids . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parses a property list from a file . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
balance the tree for best search performance asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
send an internal event communicating the end of the simulation . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert a string to lowercase using the english locale . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test whether sample binary arrays are correctly decoded . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a deterministic key chain starting from the given seed . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
creates a abstractquerybuilder instance that can be used to build api request with various parameters spec asserts 
stops the logo . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the value of this mutablebyte as a float . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cast a long value to a boolean value primitive value type spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a samlv provider . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
puts a new time value for a node asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates the job service . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets of the offset in pixels that should be applied horizontally to the video . spec asserts 
the legion has been created . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
logs a message of the specified level with the supplied parameter . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
for commands with finite number of values last argument accepts . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
generate a token for this client ip address . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
just a little helper method that asserts me from writing to many string . valueof . . 
creates an inner operator condition . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an object which will write out a move of the specified format and written to the provided 
gets the flag of whether this was created by a coinbase tx . spec spec spec spec 
required log j method . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
directly call the comment method on the passed lexicalhandler for the string value . spec spec asserts 
tests whether this audio input stream supports the mark and reset methods . spec asserts spec asserts 
register namespace name to global scope so that other files can call goog . require on the qualified 
register the file system . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the base url to which the http request will be sent . spec spec spec asserts 
initialize for boot image writing . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a new attribute set initially populated with the values from the given set where the members of 
returns a new uninitialized instance of this object s class . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
inserts a boolean array value into the mapping of this bundle replacing any existing value for the given 
cache with no limit spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
extends the existing groundings with the alternative groundings asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a function for concatenating strings . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new attribute registry from the given builder . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
lists all block volume migrations . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
process a asserts pair . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
triggers a heartbeat to a majority of the cluster . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clear the user designation . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if field runners is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise spec asserts 
starts a pomodoro session with a given finish time . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method validates the state of a service document for internal consistency . spec spec spec asserts 
adds a single parameter to search by . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the foreground color . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an esrilayer from a set of shape files asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a copy of the statement for method inlining asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new topicprocessor using the passed buffer size blockingwait strategy and auto cancel . spec asserts 
this will replace the accumulated for an system variable name with the value of that system variable . 
add a new hex to the collection of coords asserts by spec . spec spec spec spec 
executes the prepared script over the bound inputs creating the result variables according to bound and registered outputs 
returns true if field versions is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise spec asserts 
greater or equals between expression results . spec asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds menus related to node tagging to a given node context menu . spec spec spec asserts 
construct a new asserts with an error text and the array s dimension that was not equal 
determine whether read caching should be used for a particular file context . spec spec spec asserts 
clear touched state and return previous touch state asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a keylistener which will be added to the combo box . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates the state to the latest value notifying all listeners . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
encrypts the query described by the query information using paillier encryption . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
collapses all proofs . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates this discovery container from an nbt asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compare method m to this method . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
recompose the top level variable and parameter declarations . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this adds a property descriptor for the comment feature . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
saves agent mapping . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines if a string s character is within a regex character class spec spec spec spec spec 
constructs a power graph using the given model . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a deep copy of the ast subtree at this node . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove the asserts at current activity and put it into previous activity . spec spec spec asserts 
check that this hdu has a valid header for this type . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
essentially calls asserts with a package name of to construct a spec . spec spec spec asserts 
write and read a tree of objects from a stream . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
logs a message of the specified level . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a copy of the given color to the list spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
enable the provider that is inactive . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns the number of elements contained in the provided iterable . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
iterations iterations of analysis . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string representation of this frame . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes an element from the group node . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts ascii encoded wwn returned from asserts to useable wwn spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new group of radio buttons for interacting with the query . spec spec spec spec 
listen to the slider . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
verify the signature of a message . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
should be invoked on element start event asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
verify the signature of the xml string asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
serializes dto to json format . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
checks if the width p door is big enough for a trace with width p trace width . 
get an optional int value associated with a key or zero if there is unknown such key or 
set and issue if specified error and save as valuenamepair spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
replaces this node with the supplied one in the ast . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculates the minimum size for the specified panel . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if the given location is contained within this cuboid . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
character sets that we can t convert ourselves . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
read the given file and return the content as a string . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method gets the node s value as a string and uses that string as if it were 
updates the history to the next time slice using some formula . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
flatten a feature vector from example to a nested map of feature family feature value spec asserts 
performs video playback of passed asserts in fragment video container . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
put a view into the scrapviews list . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
note declared as a method to allow for extensibility asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the address pattern of the osc message as int . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
onclick handler asserts action bar asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns charsequence formatted with custom formatter implementation spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
detaches the walker from the set which it iterated over releasing any computational resources and placing the iterator 
function to create the axis and its vertical asserts . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
bind the value to an index . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new packedintvector with the specified width and a height of . spec spec spec asserts 
keeps f within min and max . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
mark the position for backtracking . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method was generated by mybatis generator . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether the maximum row size includes blobs . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new reference counter . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this node is a leaf node . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
auto generated add method for the array for convenience asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create global security properties . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test whether attributes are properly removed . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the first occurrence of the specified element in this list . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prepare a statement . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string describing this codesource telling its url and certificates . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize the activity data asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
handle updating the time periodically in interactive mode . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize fetch schedule related data . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adjusts the offset by the headersize such that writing to a zero offset would not corrupt the header 
this method will be used to add a new property spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
hashes the given int array with the given hash function . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
computes the logistic loss asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
for directories tries to walk all nested files accumulating them into single md checksum . spec asserts 
optional sets a short description of the result to be shown in the inline result selection pane 
get text from the current position until the end of the line . spec spec spec asserts 
convert an encoded unsigned byte value into a int with the unsigned value . spec spec spec 
construct an asserts intended to provide session caching for provided sessionservice configuration . spec spec spec asserts 
compares the current attribute object with another attribute object . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates a password . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
receive notification of a processing instruction . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
you need stigma shard s to equip this stone . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
schedule a rescan for connected asserts . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called before the request is executed using the underlying httpclient . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialise the calculator . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates call from given service name method name and array of call parameters spec spec spec asserts 
remove all attributes . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 
asynchronous registerserver service request . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
if running on os x . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether the given node and the other object match . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handles the options item selected event . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
coverts given numbers array to array of booleans . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct text dialog . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets up the drawing object data for use in an opengl es context . spec spec asserts 
writes an element . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add an element without checking whether it is already in the set . spec spec spec asserts 
send a warning log message asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new crowding distance fitness evaluator . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the start of a cdata section . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
iterate over the heap depth first scanning objects until the mark stack is empty . spec asserts 
constructs a new exception with the specified detail message and bean for jax ws exception serialization . 
moves the caret position to the specified position with a forward bias . spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add the given date to the list of excluded days . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
register a namespace prefix spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the asserts for this file info . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
extracts all readable bytes from the bytebuf as a byte array . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
factory method for creating a new serviceid . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the text matched by the current regular expression . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
destruction of the servlet . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a userdetailsaccessexception with no detail message . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
registers a listener for changes of size of cache for monitored host data . spec spec spec 
throw a parse error if the number of arguments does not match what is expected . spec 
this method is used to create an intent and then start an activity with it . asserts 
creates and returns a validator which allows to validate texts to ensure that they represent valid ipv addresses 
flushes the buffer to the source . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prints the usage and then exits . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
perform a http post request and track the android context which initiated the request . spec asserts 
initialization of the servlet . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
two asserts are equal if all of their fields are equal . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
assert a condition is false . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
write the low order bits of the given int asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the owner document . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the tree update . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
start a new transaction . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the bit vector indexed since the bits are not stored in this data structure a copy is 
release resources if any . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
attempt to write a string pre encoded with the page encoding . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiate an auto commit operation . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the given instruction belongs to this list . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write a text in the response . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
change group notifications only for mentions enabled asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
not supported create a new empty sqlxml object . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
combine bytes high byte and low byte to one whole byte spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
create a clientmessage with the specified message properties if usedurablemessage is false a non durable message is created 
creates a byday rule that represents all days in the month year . spec spec spec asserts 
simply check if any component with a specific css class name is in parsys . spec asserts 
adds an entity to the collection . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return one of the access cases . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new keystoreloadexception with the specified message and cause throwable . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ticks the synchronous scheduler . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a table to the set of tables used for the next query on this connection . 
dst src src . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the index into the data storage for the hashcode specified . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
nfc feature was found and is currently enabled asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes all optional fields to the dataoutput or null for minimal wire footprint . spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new jk invalid user exception . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gt asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
create an x . attribute with the type given by the passed in oid and the value represented 
test clone and equals method asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compile a template . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes this key generator . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
wrap the callable in a asserts if tracing . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether it has the in reply to . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a constraint statement to this statement . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates whether this context is currently operating in bounding sector mode . asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns an iterator over the values . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reset the second line of notes area asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
stem a word provided as a string . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ensure that co located cache is correctly initialized . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds an element to the element . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
fields emitted by the spout . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
paints any highlighted lines in the specified line range . spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
compute the inverse permutation p . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method is the one used in order to advertise the service on the network . asserts 
set the index template name to delete . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
draws a circular or elliptical arc based on the given angles and bounding box spec spec asserts 
construct and returns a new d matrix of the corresponding dynamic type entirelly independent of the receiver . 
action to be performed asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
this is the response from the accepted responder . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
closes the files associated with the spatial index asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes an element from the element . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
input an instance for filtering . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
evaluate the addition of parameters . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
flush and ack all tuples in buffer and clear buffer spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get ttl for load operation . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the number of key value mappings that this sparsearray currently stores . spec spec spec spec 
allocate memory chunk optionally pooling it . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compose a mqttdevice eventid for the sensor . asserts asserts spec asserts asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
create the tests that load and store test contents of all files in a directory spec spec 
return a more human readable version of the type name . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
set the minimum prefix length for fuzzy queries . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an empty texture . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new extractor that operates against the http headers contained as part of the request . 
returns the foos before and after the current foo in the ordered set where uuid . spec 
initialize the action . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
produce a string from a number . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts asserts der konstruktoren . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
steps forward to the next record if there s one available . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
schedule a job to start at a specific time with specific recurrence info spec spec spec asserts 
check if all node are of the type asserts by para meter asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the lines that are included in some rectangles can be deleted . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method cannot be called directly . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the standard metadata entity descriptor under the realm to cache . spec spec spec spec spec 
checks two propertypermission objects for equality . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts new choice with given weight . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
lists the storage pools for the given storage system by id . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
restarts the jobmanager . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
processes a query using a user constructed solrqueryrequest asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
compare to a number of an greater scale asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string representation of this entry . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
appends the least significant bits from value in order from most significant to least significant . asserts 
quietly closes given resource ignoring possible checked exception . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
deserialize the state of the object . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
default toxml method to marshal object into xml . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a business object data key from a storage unit key . spec spec spec spec spec 
if a container sets log path then we need to mount the log path so that the flume 
writes out the provided debug message to the indicates debug . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a graph to the environment . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check to see if the caller should bother with check for whitespace nodes . spec spec spec 
the default implementation returns spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns index for hash code h . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
apply mutation operation to bayesnet calculate score and as a side effect sets bayesnet parent sets . 
removes all listener of the specified class from all events . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method is used to change parking storage group for the vmax non exported volumes based on asserts 
removes attribute with given name asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a hash code for this object . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this search field is the focus owner or the find popup menu is visible . 
save the recently accessed configuration list asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
check whether the given attachment point is valid given the current topology asserts spec spec spec asserts 
warning does not rehash if load factor is exceeded must call spec explicitly . spec spec asserts 
reads the next header line . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prepare an command . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds an element to the element . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new exception with the specified detail message . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find the fields constant that matches fieldid or null if its not found . spec spec asserts 
returns string representation of the object . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a method that returns a string representation of a spec object spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used for testing whether references are cleared . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the full library path for the name . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new data holder . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return whether or not this value is a constant int integer . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new search scope with all projects possibly referenced from the given spec . spec spec 
displays this method printing a prototype followed by list of instructions . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
persist the current configuration to server . xml . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compares this string to the specified object . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
get a string containing the roll for each of the virtual dice . spec spec spec spec 
creates new form asserts spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
since linux . the thread s exit status in the form reported by asserts . spec spec 
load profiles from a vsd file not deprecated anymore . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
tests command sequencing . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the specific enumeration value in this class appropriate for the given xml attribute value . asserts 
add a single member to the equivalence class . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
whether this entry match the given keys . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a video to the adapter and notify the change . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
transitions to terminated state if either shutdown and pool and queue empty or stop and pool empty . 
re reads the dom attribute value . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a abstractquerybuilder instance that can be used to build api request with various parameters spec asserts 
returns a hash code for this boolean object . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method to handle qnames asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
return the value of slide based on top and height of the element spec spec spec asserts 
called when a touch screen event was not handled by any of the views under it . 
used on parsing jndi configuration asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
interprets a mul instruction . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs an asserts object using separate lists of fees and credits . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compute covariance matrix of a dataset x asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes extra spaces and trim the string asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
update the font in the default style of the document . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets up the scheduler . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
utility method computing the size of the widget if dimensions are set to wrap content using the default 
parses input from the given stream and returns the tokens broken into rows and columns spec asserts 
creates a new instance . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new exception . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
computes the gain in score from a splitting of the data set asserts spec spec spec asserts 
builds a new doughnut chart instance . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method gets called when a bound property is changed on the associated jtextcomponent . spec asserts 
extended to also close the backing file . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a raw style query where you can pass any where clause and arguments . spec spec asserts 
send a subsequent sip request asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
telling if the given method is in the file given by the option cg . spark geom verify 
reset the asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a listener to receive callbacks on mouse events . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if the new attachment point port is consistent with the old attachment point port . spec 
returns its input or throws an exception if this is not a valid key . spec spec 
removes all mappings from this map whose values are zero . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
searches for the last index of the specified character . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
construct sku list view . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
given two javaclasses try to estimate the probability that an reference of type x is also an instance 
clear out our dao caches . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a coupling list with the specified workspace . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads a scalar value in dml format from hdfs asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
call back from sub activities . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
builds an analyzer with the given stop words . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a node that can be used to hold lexically scoped variable definitions via let declarations . 
go to the first page . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
create a new asserts instance . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
print the top n words of each topic into a file . spec spec spec spec spec 
resets the current position to the head of the token list . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
replace spaces with and backslashes with forward slashes in the input string to generate a well formed uri 
this is used to scan the specified object to extract the fields and methods that are to be 
translates keypad letters to actual digits e . g . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a sided plane from two points and a third normal vector . spec spec spec asserts 
initialize wildfly specific configuration map . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a copy of s padded with trailing spaces so that it s length is length . 
updates the image on the flag asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
perform a replace all operation on the given component . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
copy at most number of bytes from inputstream to outputstream . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether it s ok to allocate an interval to a physical register . spec spec asserts 
overridden to avoid exposing implementation details . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
standard deviation for the first arraylength terms of array asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
decodes a bytearray containing jpeg encoded bytes into a purgeable bitmap adds a jfif end of image marker 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new empty menubar . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
has kicked you out of the alliance . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return an object that allows the system to invoke the sync adapter . spec spec spec asserts 
specify an interval in the intervalunit . year that the produced trigger will repeat at . asserts 
calculates crc from an int asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convenience method that can decode a qr code represented as a d array of booleans . spec 
removes all statuses of this class asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
configures service control config validator with its bounds . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
get a transformerhandler object that can process sax contenthandler events into a result based on the templates argument 
populates the region with the objects stores in the data object array . spec spec spec spec 
this method uses reflection to determine if the two objects are equal . spec spec spec asserts 
this is used to recover the object references from the document using the special attributes specified . 
initializes the menu item with the specified text and icon . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the table entry for the given segment and hash code . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creat a dml or pydml script object based on a url path . spec spec spec asserts 
cleanup that is performed once after all of the tests in this class are executed . spec 
returns the index of the first occurrence of the object starting from the top of the stack . 
converts a file address to the same address in the relocated module . spec spec spec asserts 
returns the image . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remains on the appearance change time of . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
draws a noxitem during the ondraw method . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
java . util . stringtokenizer stringtokenizer java . lang . string java . lang . string boolean 
blinks the caret . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
obtiene la informacion correspondiente a una linea de detalle de una prevision asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
compares two strings for equality ignoring case . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
paints the toolbar . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
creates an unmodifiable external sasl bind request of the provided request . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new generator with specific title and style settings . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
put double value into sharedpreferences with key and save asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invalidates the list . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
enter data into the histogram . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check the given string value for the specified condition asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an empty map for use as default parameter asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
encodes the user in a string . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an internal exception with the specified detail message minor code and completion status . spec asserts 
create a new instance of this initialized to show the movie spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a file in a temporary folder which has the given contents . spec spec spec spec 
map this futurew differently depending on whether the previous stage completed successfully or failed spec spec asserts 
sends message to the ui to indicate that the device is disconnected . spec spec spec asserts 
read characters into a portion of an array . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
shorthand method for wrapping the given components in a horizontal component group asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if the variable is blacklisted to be excluded from projection variables . spec spec spec asserts 
searches for users in this organization using wildcards and attribute values . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test a field where a configurable sim factory is defined spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds wheel changing listener spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new exception with the specified cause . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this implementation depends only on the lock holder and not on the lock expiration time . spec 
gets a set of components that this asserts provides . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes evaluation weights for subjects conditions and rules of this policy object . spec spec spec asserts 
converts this to org . w c . dom . element and add to parent transform element . 
returns the index of the last occurrence of the specified element in this list or if this list 
instantiates a new consumer . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the nucleotide sequences are persisted in batches . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the receiver s elements to be the specified array not a copy of it . spec 
specify the name of the environment id to use for this run . spec spec spec asserts 
tests a serialized classifier m p handling numeric classes asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
string representation of the extension . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
hook in to note that fragment state is no longer saved . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
retrieves the number of addresses in this reference . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a unique location for a given layer . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new data source connector asserts . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new asserts for the specified types . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the mapping from the specified key if there was any . spec spec spec spec spec 
asserts that none of the given objects are equal to each other . spec spec spec asserts 
asserts override this function to catch liberal double click events . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
ensures the truth of an expression involving one or more parameters to the calling method . spec 
get the next node in the iteration . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts una asserts entry dal jar asserts . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
only util methods . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the tip text for this property asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes a set of attributes for the element . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
rebuilds all search indexes for given spi . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
given a size return a string describing the aspect ratio by reducing the spec spec spec asserts 
requests an immediate fsync and a notification when the fsync completes . spec spec spec spec spec 
creates a parser context instance . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes the provided delete request . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
updates delivery predictions for a host . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize the view of the listener asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
copy image xobject to the specified document . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates the request generator used to create omaha xml . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is a tmm thread pool running ? asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to check if the file is raster format . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
update the available sound list according to sheep weight . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compares the specified object with this map for equality . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the identity hash code asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compares object with oid for equality . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the height of a node . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
produce a jsonarray containing the names of the elements of this jsonobject . spec spec spec asserts 
the search source to execute . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the start of a conditional section . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
build an edge not contained in any node yet . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates whether the device has a double layer screen thus allowing two stages to touch events click and 
unsynchronized audit . . . only run after activity has spec . spec spec spec spec spec 
adds a new member to this directededgestar . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a simple attribute which is not part of a series and does not provide a unit string 
store and restore a network through xml . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new exception object . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
asserts set colors for texts and hints asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
cambia el fichero asociado al documento asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
activates or suspends a job execution . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
given an index in the range . . . size returns the value from the indexth key value 
removes query future from futures map . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return an oid that creates a branch under the current one . spec spec spec spec asserts 
forward data table using the supplied trace . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
move selected rows up asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
handle action download in the provided background thread with the provided parameters . spec spec spec asserts 
accepts a long value . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parse date in rfc format and return its value as epoch spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
makes sure the capacity and size of the vector can accomodate the given index . spec asserts 
checks the validity of the extension . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
put a view into the scrapviews list . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
finishes the initialization by setting size location . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a panel to ask the user if s he wants to remove the logs located outside the 
does not remove a parameter . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates the position of the node . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
uses minimize flag as true by default . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
clean way to assert against a pixel value . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns true when this page has the previous page otherwise when the page is the first page false 
syntax based proposal based for word beginning asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
finds the maximum value in the list . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
serialize a pattern . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
copied from asserts . java asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new callable task adapter with the callable to call . spec spec spec spec spec 
does nothing output to dev null . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invoked when downloading is in progress . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct the asserts with specified alphabet asserts and compression flag . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new resources pool with the specified resourcefactory and max resources . spec spec spec asserts 
allow access to seriallightmanager asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
check if the double metaphone values of two string values are equal . spec spec spec spec 
returns if a display chain port is being dragged . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
validates an ipv address . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
notify the scroller that we ve reached a horizontal boundary . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new vector where all values have a single implicit value asserts spec spec spec asserts 
disposes this action . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a new token object by default . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the destination point from the starting point point having travelled the given distance on the given initial 
returns true since the socket stream can be read . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method determines if the fragment is complete . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the lookup contains the key asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
main method for makeldif tool . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
given an insert statement collects the list of names to be populated and the expressions to put in 
returns a formattoken representing the format specifier starting at offset . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new deadevent . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
error this level of logging should be used when something fatal has happened i . e . 
the target window has been requested to close don t delete it at this time . spec 
concatenate additional characters onto the end of the data stored in this node . spec spec asserts 
returns the index of the first occurrence of this pattern in the given byte array starting from a 
checks whether adeext has been created asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
head view to back asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates uri without nodeid . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
will return null if empty . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a new data source . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether the given character is a low surrogate asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of named element . spec spec spec 
processes the previous time line of the current message id . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
draws the title of the graph . spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an exception setting the throwable object that caused it . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ctor that imposes a key range constraint . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check that the given logical shard id is within the bounds that we allow . spec asserts 
multiply this vector d component wise by another vector dc . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to perform closing functionality when a asserts is no longer needed . spec spec spec asserts 
check whether the store contains the given message . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
processes import statements only . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
synchronous translatebrowsepathstonodeids service request . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
load an xml document from specified input stream which must have the spec dtd uri . asserts 
subclasses can override this method to do regex post processing . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
server side deserialize does not match server side serialize so we can t test a round trip . 
logs a successful event asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
dynamic long with sort missing always first asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates new asserts object . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a basemessage from the given parameters . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new node object . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether the connection destination satisfies the security policy and the validity of the port range . 
rounds a double to the given number of decimal places . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns false if components in the pane can overlap which makes optimized drawing impossible . spec asserts 
find a matcher that matches the given pattern case insensitive spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invalidates the list . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the start of an element . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
dynamic show start or stop tracking asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an instance of the diskbasedcache at the specified directory using the default maximum cache size of mb 
re estimate the posterior distribution for the domain parameters in the dialogue state given the actual system decision 
remove an entry from the cache spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the asserts for the specified seriesinfo asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the specified radiobutton to the form . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
set a greater new scale asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the unicode scalar value bit integer value for the character at position . spec spec spec 
creates a new refactoringstatus with one info entry filled with the given message . spec spec spec 
resets the control roll list for a given entity . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
region creation helper methods asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
replaces the first substring of this string that matches the given regular expression with the given replacement . 
generate a key parameter derived from the password salt and iteration count we are currently initialised with . 
create new instance . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clear this will clear the time picker text . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get all armor sets . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compute this asserts overwrite this . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
determines whether the given object is within an asserts ring where radius radius both circles are centered at 
increase number of data points by one . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
set the overall size for the progress spinner . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
log a message at the warning level according to the specified format and argument . spec asserts 
accepts a connection . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove the last extension from a filename spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this operation is not supported and does nothing . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks the versions of the servlet api in each descriptor and logs a warning if a mismatch might 
determine if messages of priority error will be logged . spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
finds a security group defined in one of the tenant s identity providers spec spec spec asserts 
removes all highlights added to the text area by this listener . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
wakes up node s successor if one exists . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
for unrecoverable google wallet errors send the user back to the checkout page to handle the problem . 
erase the page related data associated to an experiment asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determine if the value is null . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
list from slave database . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the style named style to the style mapping . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this flips the bits and returns the same byte . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
run just this test . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if field asserts is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise spec asserts 
remove all elements from the graphic list . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
accept the visitor . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns a string representing the object . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
draws a vertical span into the graph and optionally adds a legend . spec spec spec asserts 
creates an objectoutputstream that serializes a stream of objects to the outputstream using xstream . spec asserts 
returns true if the type of the field matches the specified class . spec spec spec asserts 
adds all the relation resources for a given relation path to the included block of the jsonapidocument . 
remove the eldest entries until the total of remaining entries is at or below the requested size . 
it creates a new instance of this panel and adds a chart into it . spec spec 
saves the state . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if target line may have the sole indent e . g . spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
calculates the dimensions . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
simple html escaping of the string version of the specified object . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new ip info . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new requestparams instance containing the key value string params from the specified map . asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determine if the value is null . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
query an external rfc resolver for a system identifier . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the given state is currently active otherwise false . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return a list of all registered rule instances or a zero length list if there are no registered 
creates a new transition . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
can the port accept additional characters ? asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
closes closeable ignoring any checked exceptions . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
apply the filter to the input and save to the specified allocation . spec asserts spec asserts 
some function names do not map into useful or even legal filenames . spec spec spec asserts 
test for getpeerhost method spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write bit value to output stream lsb first asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
scales down dimensions in samplesize times . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns whether the handler is threadsafe . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prohibit registrations for non asserts and non superuser outside of ga . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new process update change . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the mutability of the object . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
warn the user of a problem . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
update the newly generated key pair in the cluster . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create promisesarray from multiple promise asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts a map of partition key value pairs to a name . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets a suitable hash code for this builder . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
forward a message to the listeners e . g . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
pauses the target . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
return a string representation of this predicate . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if tokenization has been done and if not then do it . spec spec spec asserts 
return a string representation of this object asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
build for a specific wikibase host . spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
saves data internally not accessible with public api asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
start the connector using the supplied connector configuration . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds tuple with result so far asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
show a gui alert box for any unhandled exceptions that propagate out of this thread . spec 
constructs a new linked hash set with the same elements as the specified collection . spec spec 
remove a value if and only if the string ends with that value . spec spec spec 
multiplies this object by the argument returning this . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
you are not supposed to instantiate this class . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the sample kurtosis aka excess of a data sequence . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
suggestions must be added with the best suggestion first . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
copy from the fields to the . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes the specified bit to the binary output stream . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a monitor with a default interval of seconds . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether this expression node is the site of an unboxing conversion jls . . . asserts 
try to get a free connection not used by other session . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the given instructions to the end of this list . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks the dirty status of the protocolstatus field . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new applicationcontext from an existing one . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return stringified description of this projection . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts the type name of all asserts to feature so that the all apply to any feature type 
parse the key . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets up the structure for the plot instances . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize the asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the hover event for the current part . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether the parameter value is required . asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
returns true if and only if all child queries matches the given object otherwise returns false . 
parses and stores the test identifier class and test name . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method returns an instrumented proxy output stream to wrap the supplied output stream which will record the 
create a new asserts object with the given auth token . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
creates an instance of a server and starts it returning the instance . spec spec spec spec 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
creates a new instance of this smtp alert handler . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new entry with the given values . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
creates an instance of the associated element type . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
writes a fixed number of bits from an integer . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if services contain any provider information . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes this rule from the persistant store . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a abstractquerybuilder instance that can be used to build api request with various parameters spec asserts 
determines whether or not the indication is an instance indication . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a clone of the dataset . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a asserts instance . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called automatically in all modes when a full row has been inflated . spec spec spec spec 
private lrmi method that constructs an unsupported method representation asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get an iterator position at the annotation with the specified address . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts . g ver . . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds an element to the element . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set the message to display on the toast . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an instance to hold the vendor identifier and nested string . asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns whether the default revocation checking mechanism of the underlying service provider is used . spec spec 
create a kafka consumer from the given kafka stream . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts views com java api asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns a list of the preferred display resolutions . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this is used to take the models from the model list at the first index . asserts 
construct a asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the character at position pos from the matched text . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
add a preprocessor directive like define extension version etc . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
iterates through the given reader line by line . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is the metal l f currently being used ? asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
represents the source of a movement of a contained item as in drop or equip . spec 
re downloads the same area as last time asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the asserts associated with the head task to the specified value and adjusts priority queue accordingly . 
mark a child as having been dropped . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a method that returns a string representation of a spec object spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check the message is readable asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds semantic checks to the default deserialization method . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prints a long . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
retrieves the current version of a piece of content from the data store . spec spec asserts 
returns the same value as the hasmoretokens method . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an asserts from the corba repository id of the exception and an input stream from which the 
tasks will execute without timeout . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if a filename is safe no asserts or spaces . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
droid serif regular font face asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
abort due to there not being an active wallet or the wallet has been changed by another process 
adds the given operator draw decorator . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
loads a float from the memory location pointed to by the current instance . spec spec asserts 
run all tests in all possible combinations . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
when the user changes the number of columns in matrix from the drop down store the new value 
creates a connection with the broker at the given location . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
return the first node in the graph . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sends a binding request to the specified server address with only change port flag set to true and 
returns whether group by is supported . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
on check event for the expand checkbox asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
inserts the specified element at the tail of this queue . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
unlock the flushing mechanism to make a buffer be able to be flushed by other thread . 
iterate all keys of the table asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
your abnormal mental conditions were removed because skillcaster used skillname on you . spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new location bar . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to run a plugin through the host app . spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
enforces the supplied context upon all statements that are reported to this rdfremover . spec spec asserts 
parse the lines containing the match spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a reflectionexception that wraps the actual java . lang . exception . spec spec spec asserts 
creates an assertionartifact . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parse key value pairs to map . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the element is a effectively final element . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates and shows the category selection dialog fragment . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handle default tenant request sent with a wrong binding asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
subtract another d vector from this d vector asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
convert representation to html and write it out asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
unlinks cancelled waiter nodes from condition queue . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
processes a line of an http request . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
removes the element at the specified position from the specified array . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
was the event fired on the server for a mob asserts broken by a player holding a asserts 
map this stream to a windowed stream with distinct windows . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a java . lang . double converter that returns a default value if an error occurs . 
accept a test set asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a directory if it does not exist . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
get divide by . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the preferred dimensions for this layout given the visible components in the specified target container . 
classifies the given test instance . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set jedis pool connection asserts in milliseconds . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
delete a model . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
tests submitting sequential events . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates the fixture s filter with the respective category value . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates new candidates determined by a specific stun response . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
create a composite comparator for the set of delegate comparators . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
append the text at the end of the path without writing a bom . spec spec spec 
get type variable for the given local . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
load upload video path set on preferences asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
restarts the camera . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an item label generator using default number formatters . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
use two pointers search for vowels from both ends asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
run benchmark for given number of batches with given number of cycles for each batch . spec 
gets the curent contents of this byte stream as a byte array . spec spec spec asserts 
if an input string was specified stream it to the process standard input . spec spec asserts 
creates a new motif asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
increments the given key by amount . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether this component should use a buffer to paint . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates the underlying database table . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs the meekrules with no logging . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
save the project as csv on a stream asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates a column in the current or insert row . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
on menu item selected . asserts spec spec asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether this is distributed ack scope . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
update current data cycle to reflect changes asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates and returns default project wizard with pre defined pages only . spec spec spec spec spec 
loads the validity state from the specified stream . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
closes the database resources in use by this object . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates the cache for the given key using the value from the source spec spec spec spec 
tests traversing of input controls . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the number of hyperparameters of thiscovariancefunction spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is no longer immobilized . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new heal event . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
processes this message . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs a jtableheader with a default tablecolumnmodel . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the contents of an inputstream as a character array using the specified character encoding . spec 
metodo que comprueba si el usuario tiene un permiso de manager o spec de invesdoc spec asserts 
deactivates the user . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
inserts the given instruction before the specified instruction . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method is called by the publish method when a valid long position is added to the asserts 
returns a jscrollpane that contains the provided component . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
searches buffer for the beginning of a valid packet . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
make sure we only include artificial branches asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create or extend the default table schema for the project this session associated with . spec spec 
set the key data type . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
finds the asserts for the variable value or returns null . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test for getinstance string algorithm string provider method assertion throws nosuchproviderexception when provider has invalid value spec 
returns the compiler lookup environment used by this binding resolver . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clears the value of the fetchtime field asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
store current package order in settings asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
address and above can be a long address asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if the expression is bytecode and decompile . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check whether the given iterator contains the given element . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a new category to the intent . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates the users location based on the location asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new second . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
unpacks the compressed character translation table . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new transformerfactoryconfigurationerror with the given exception base cause and detail message . spec spec asserts 
constructs an instance of the asserts using the default maximum cache size of mb . spec spec 
returns the string representation of the current value . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
filters the files contained in a directory or in its subdirectory structure . spec spec spec spec 
indicates whether the specified character is a valid part of a java identifier other than the first character 
test griddeploymentmode . private mode . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the daemon flag . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compute the half vector between this and the vector x y z . spec spec spec asserts 
logs a message with org . apache . commons . logging . impl . simplelog . log level 
contexts asserts returns asserts constraint flags unicode letter flags unicode escape spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes the tostring value of each item in a collection to an outputstream line by line using the 
transform a rectangle with all matrices with potential animation phases . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
creates a data package with information used by the server when responding to requests spec spec spec 
returns true if there is any unit that is an enemy of the specified unit in the specified 
whether the deviceservice is currently connected to this external input . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
sorts the specified array into ascending numerical order . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new asserts with the given objects . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns a deep copy of this color scheme . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
move the cursor to the first entry whose key is greater than or equal to the input key 
api m callback received when a permissions request has been completed . spec spec spec spec spec 
creates task timeout exception with given task execution id error message and optional nested exception . asserts 
creates a comparator of floating point values allowing a small absolute error when determining equality . asserts 
gets a debugging string . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
default guice provided instance . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prints error in format error ! asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
construct a collective object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
output an instance after filtering but do not remove from the output queue . spec spec spec 
cancels the configure timeout . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write to the file . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the state of the pin to pressed spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
internal add a generic type for this descriptor . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a reader using the encoding specified by the bom in the file if there is no recognized 
compute the capacity needed for a given size . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create this iterator as a wrapper on top of the selectionkey set . spec spec spec asserts 
creates a composite that uses the parent s font and has a grid layout spec spec asserts 
create a new file channel implementation class that wraps the given fd and operates in the specified mode 
test that lowercasefilter handles entire unicode range correctly asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
call this function to update the weight values at this unit . asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
the headers are stored and fetched as lower case . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts the matrix in place between column major to row major order and vice versa . asserts 
returns the character at position pos from the matched text . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
this read method performs deserialization of the xml schema class type by traversing the contacts and instantiating them 
converts a class name into the internal representation used in the jvm . spec spec spec asserts 
removes the referral object identified by the referral name . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new builder . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a builder for fixed function fragment program asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
deregister the mbean for this group object . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
decreases the timer by . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parses the given command and executes it spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a utility method that adjusts a value if necessary to be within a specified range . asserts 
writes a string to a file creating the file if it does not exist using the default encoding 
plays a stream asynchronously . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
update fm recording state with given state from fm service spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates rrdfilebackend object for the given file path backed by java . nio . spec spec spec 
tests if a line segment is contained in the boundary of the target rectangle . spec asserts 
for the passed in entitlement environment update the value associated with the key am . policy . asserts 
returns the current selector leader . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates a column in the current or insert row . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tears down the fixture for example close a network connection . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
extract a zip file to a directory asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines whether this is the identity matrix asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
returns an asserts object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads all the data from the supplied url into a byte array . spec spec spec asserts 
we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 
execute the http get method and return response as input stream spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create timeinfo object with raw packet message and destination time received . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determine if the asserts element in the document is or this uses the cached first element name first 
taps on a location determined by the coordinated of the element plus the offsets . spec asserts 
loads a file from the jar archive into the text area spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test griddeploymentmode . continuous mode . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
advances virtual time . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
does not take into account escaped separators asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
perform sub filtering on the given row . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prints the current projects per workspace asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
paints the current buffer onto a given graphics context skipping the first n character columns . asserts 
in lazy parsing mode access to getters and setters may throw an unchecked lazyparseexception . spec asserts 
instantiates a new asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove a marker e . g . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used for debugging . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
gets the rational value as type double . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
append to the tostring the class name . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
attempts to sign in or register the account specified by the login form . spec spec asserts 
creates a domx issuerserial from an element . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a callback method to the asserts for the synchronization part pull remote changes from the server . 
returns a random number from the distribution with the given parameters n and p bypasses the internal state 
tostring methode creates a string representation of the object spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
sub classes can override this to just customize whether transactions are usable but keep age sorting . 
if you use this class as a rule the default asserts will be called in the before . 
registers a callback for rationale handling . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes all key value mappings from this sparsearray . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes all asserts archive definitions . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the authentication token . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
attempts to find the asserts settings within the given locations . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the session buffer and returns a string that represents the state of the session . spec 
marks the end of the visited method . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts all of the characters in this string to lower case using the rules of the given locale 
returns a filter that filters files based on a cutoff time . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
javax . net . ssl . x trustmanager checkclienttrusted x certificate chain string authtype spec spec asserts 
get from the user the number of addressed bits used to control a turnout . spec asserts 
constructs a new signature verifier for the specified signature . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get another node asserts id for getting upgrade lock asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
attempts to cas increment the workercount field of ctl . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sends a new stun message to the stun server associated with the stuncandidateharvester of this instance in order 
checks whether an image has been defined for this organization . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method can be used in debugging utilities to parse asserts segment spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
overides tostring in experiment asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
handles the mouseclicked event by invoking the mouseclicked methods on listener a and listener b . asserts 
returns string that represents all specified rrd creation parameters . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
union combines the two possibly disjoint sets where e and e belong in . spec spec asserts 
returns the project for the snapshot session source . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
anything that overrides this must call super . initialize asserts asserts spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new request . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates new instance of class which implements specified dto interface parses specified json string and uses parsed data 
returns a new uninitialized instance of this object s class . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove the nature from the project . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
animates the rendering of the chart on the x axis with the specified animation time . spec 
test for getprivatekey method assertion returns privatekey object spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create any associated state and call init methods on an activity call any life cycle events for the 
returns an unbuffered input stream to read the last committed value or null if no value has been 
push an element onto the stack . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
service to email a customer with order changes asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return true if the specified record protocol version is out of the range of the possible supported versions 
returns xml string representation of a map of policy advices spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
creates a gemfire properties file in temporaryfolder creates filename in temporaryfolder sets spec system property writes spec to 
ruft den wert der asserts eigenschaft ab . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a consolehandler to the list of handlers for this logger . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a asserts based on the specified applicationexceptionbean and sets the given reason . spec spec asserts 
returns a java . util . map containing all of the spec in this object . asserts 
main method for testing this class . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an exception indicating an error while parsing or processing grammars . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determine if the source string still contains characters that next can consume . spec spec spec spec 
method to handle qnames asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
formats provided string as paragraph . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether the renderer can handle the specified class . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
start scrolling by providing a starting point and the distance to travel . spec spec spec asserts 
writes events to a transaction in the event store asynchronously . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
closes the asserts associated with this connection . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns p value associated with null hypothesis that observed counts follow expected distribution . spec spec spec 
convert a calendar to a java . util . date spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handle like a trivial assignment . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new contents recordbuilder asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a renderedimage instance of this image with width w and height h in pixels . asserts 
handles the asserts event by invoking the asserts methods on listener a and listener b . spec 
constructs new client packet instance . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a asserts to the clock so it knows who to update when the time changes . 
opens the page for the specified block and moves the current slot to the specified position . 
compare for equality . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resolves the member described by the receiver and returns it if found . spec spec spec spec 
sets of the offset in pixels that should be applied horizontally to the video . spec asserts 
tests element for invalid attribute names . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
deregister a request context once it has completed . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks that the type of the given opcode is equal to the given type . spec spec 
returns a localized short medium date time string . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
description of the method spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
select everything in the kb using a get . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
flushes this output stream and forces any buffered output bytes to be written out . spec asserts 
constructs the asserts using an asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates and returns a segmentcache . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes a charsequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist . spec spec 
executes an http put request with the settings already configured . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
function will update player quest slot . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the log odds for a given probability . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
loads the application context and adding specific bean factory and bean post processors . spec spec asserts 
writes this webrowset object to the given java . io . writer object in xml format . 
return given duration in a human friendly format . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a export action for the single component provided . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads the contents of a file into a string . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
constructs a new exception with the given detail message and cause . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of racecontrolpanel spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
flush the rcs contact provider asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns whether a specific type is in the set of types . spec spec spec spec spec 
tells whether this stream supports the mark operation which it does . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prepares drop down data for de activation reason from property mutation master asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the doget method of the servlet . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a file part this is called by the parser . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new exception with the specified detail message . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a file filter . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this all in one method reads a message log from the given file and turns that into a 
sets the spread in pixels of the shadow i . e how much bigger is it than the 
execute the function available function . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates game objects and adds them to the world . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the binding for key from this actionmap . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
publishes an event with details of the successfully completed configuration deletion operation if the config topic is audited 
computes size of each region for table and given column families . spec spec spec spec spec 
first time init call . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether the given offset is valid for this proposal . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns hash code to use for substring filter . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ends the parsing of an optional segment of the input . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
does the filter filter this ? asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
initializes the child array to the correct size . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
read information about the interfaces implemented by this class . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether a group by clause can use columns that are not in the select clause provided that 
removes dollar prefix from the given name if it was a quoted java keyword spec spec asserts 
creates an audio track with default audio capabilities no encoded audio passthrough support . spec spec asserts 
returns all of the objects in the map spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set the properties that the org . quartz scheduler will use . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
puts the named value in the environment . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert int to byte asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
judge asserts is asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
constructs a asserts with a detailed message . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if the device is a in tablet asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a abstractquerybuilder instance that can be used to build api request with various parameters spec asserts 
generates a random valid pokemon number . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the client and server psi objects with the node s friends . spec spec spec asserts 
responds to delete button on row in the light control table spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clears the stack . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
let s you add a directory or a file . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
tries to generate the specified feature asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
add a chemical washer recipe . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
build upon an existing asserts . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
double value of a negative bigdecimal asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clears the buffer with depth . note binds the fbo spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the location in which to store the response proto . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the limit is enabled . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes x from the list of listeners that are notified each time the set of selected treepaths changes 
removes the given listener from the list of listeners spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
iterate over all the intervals asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a new asserts . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is the specified object reachable ? asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
append a hashcode for a boolean array . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handles passing packets between local and remote peers . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
concatenates the string representation of each items in this array with the given string as a separator between 
create a new objectoutputstream for this output stream and then pass it to the closure . asserts 
returns the enum equivalent for this result code . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an asserts with the given model which has to be spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes a url to the stream . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculate the function value for the input . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
util to convert bytes to a signed value asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns whether this menu item should also be listed as a shortcut button . spec spec asserts 
fills the specified range in the array with the specified element . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the rough size of a layer of the tree . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method initializes the node indicated . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates the completely defined element . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a notification object . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines the width of this view asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts object . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compacts the entry at the given index . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the offset for the given index . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
proxies for servers with the same uuid have the same hash code . spec spec spec spec 
construct a new uri from another uri . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the builder s current value as a string . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the set of all throwables as the set of types that the specified unit might throw regardless 
public for testing purpose . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clean up all context i . e . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
complete the document and close the underlying writer asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
change the default paint to fill an expanded bounding box based on its children s bounds . 
hash function to get the index asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compute the distance between two points using the haversine algorithm https en . wikipedia . org wiki haversine 
create a touchobject for a pointer at a certain moment . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clears cling of the given viewer type for external viewer button . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cancel an ip lease . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
whether the url represents a local db asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true iff x is an intlist containing the same sequence of ints as this . spec 
dispatch date change events to a listener if set asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a string representing a coefficient removing . endings . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
create asserts with message requestid and cause . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
like castnonnull but whereas that method only checks and casts the reference itself this traverses all levels of 
returns true if the specified character is valid and permitted outside of a character reference . spec 
reads the contents of an inputstream into a byte . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ensures the truth of an expression involving one or more parameters to the calling method . spec 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
create first message in asserts exchange . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the contents of a reader as a character array . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns a new iterator of response headers asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
returns an immutable multimap containing a single entry . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the port number of this endpoint . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
bit wise exclusive or of two words . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check and see if this collection of permissions implies the permissions expressed in permission . spec asserts 
returns true if field id is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise spec asserts 
calculates how many levels to add when a certain amount of experience is added . spec spec 
fire off characters cdate events . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
performs a scroll down action . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates random bytes and places them into a user supplied byte array . spec spec spec asserts 
append to the tostring the detail of an int array . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the given mmi from the pending list and notifies asserts that it is complete . asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
tell if the expr param is contained within an xsl param . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a one shot action with given nanotime based trigger . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns all instructions which are somewhat relevant for the returned object of the method . spec spec 
adds the given vm argument . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
configure a zone . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reset our position in the array . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
closes this stream . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an asserts object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new simple type which is derived by union from a list of other simple types . 
inspects lines that are located before the given target line and collects information about lines which indents are 
fire that a wallet has changed its busy state . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new input stream with the specified compressor and a default buffer size . spec spec 
ends the formal type parameters section of the signature . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
renders the clause in textual representation . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the size in bytes of a primitive long . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new treepath which is the path identified by parent ending in asserts . spec spec 
removes all key value mappings from this sparsearray . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
queues a tween from the current values to the target properties . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates whether responses to failed bind operations should include a message explaining the reason for the failure . 
checks whether this asserts allows public lookups . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
check if a player is married to another player . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an iterator over the specified map asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates whether the specified object is equal to this reverb type returning true if the objects are identical 
append a double value . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a synchronized suffix in the current server providing the replication server id . spec spec asserts 
unregisters the given object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a new compatible image with the same width height and transparency as the image specified as a 
checks for the set cookie header . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if modify policy evaluation is required asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
attempts to match the entire region against the pattern . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of this fragment . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
unpacks the compressed character translation table . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
static wrapper that has a nicer generics signature . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an off screen surface with the specified width and height . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a query base object with nothing set . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
deletes a dhcp relay service profile . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this is a nasty hack . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs a memorycacheimageoutputstream that will write to a given outputstream . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
loads a bitmap and scale it down to a maximum size spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates the container to manage placement of asserts . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether there is a loop containing state . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
return a set of all of the equivalence pairs defined in this instance with reflected duplicates removed . 
creates a new fromheader based on the newly supplied address and tag values . spec spec asserts 
validates that the asserts has all required properties . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
base encoding helper function asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets query type . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
flushes all generated code . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
must be called from activity s asserts to allow attachment senders to manage dynamic spec . asserts 
constructs the discretization given the variable and data . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the edge e from the call graph . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates this instrument based on the latest market tick price . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
for creating a normal enumeration of the given utf string . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns part number . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
contexts statement returns s if s if returns s if constraint key if firstfacet condition ? spec 
create a new idm relying party by parsing organization elment . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parses bytes of a response header from an http transport . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert to a cannonical text form for comboboxes etc . spec asserts asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
atomically sets the value to the given updated value if the current value is bitwise equal to the 
convenience function to load only one block . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds an integer to the constant pool of the class being build . spec spec spec asserts 
force screen to turn on if the phone is asleep . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a request for observing future changes of all instances of a particular object of a client . 
this provides an eventreader that will read from the specified input stream . spec spec spec asserts 
adds all the elements of the specified array to self . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
thrown when the length of classes and attribute parameter isn t the same . spec spec asserts 
creates a synchronization sample with a given time offset . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
signals a waiting take . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
opens an input stream to a given uri . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
load pbartner dependent order invoice shipment field . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
counts the number of bits in the specified integer this is also referred to as population count . 
converts based character offset to based number of the line containing the character . spec spec asserts 
creates the media in the given stream notice that a media is auto destroyed on completion and cannot 
write to our buffer . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
coordinator is added in failed list during node start test with two nodes . spec spec asserts 
log a fine message . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
what a terrible failure report a condition that should never happen . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
lookup a classnode by its name from the source unit spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the construction of this object is done in the parser . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
bind events to target view . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates and persists a new notification registration status entity . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
attempt to map this monad to the same type as the supplied monoid using maptotype on the monoid 
create a new synapse group connecting the indicated neuron groups . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
shortcut method with criteria asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prints a compilation timestamp for a given method . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new texparser in the context of an array . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
loads a configuration from file or the default config if configfile is null . spec spec spec 
creates a leg with the middle path . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
checks whether the supplied datatype is a primitive xml schema datatype . spec spec spec spec asserts 
inserts as at index . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the namespace prefix bound to the uibinder namespace . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
get the next node in the iteration . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
you received a delayed chain effect by using skillname . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns true if the type hierarchy is being connected actively i . e not paused spec while resolving 
we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 
set this to true if you want thumbnails of the media files to be generated . asserts 
creates a new dialog based on a received notify . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
visit a function . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if object a follows object b in the chain . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct from input stream asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a double to the constant pool of the class being build . spec spec spec asserts 
prepares asserts class filled with information from given tenant . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new abstract local transition . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used by plugin asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes any object to the output stream . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a asserts instance configured by the builder spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
locates the index of obj . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a skeletonnotfoundexception with the specified detail message . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes a spring connector and its both end point particles from the simulation spec asserts spec asserts 
reset the vector to . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
decodes the norm value assuming it is a single byte . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
destroys the binding for the specified name that is associated with a remote object . spec asserts 
is encrypted field display asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
adds a property model column to the table asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test if the target is stale . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a string to the constant pool of the class being build . spec spec spec asserts 
inits the data bindings . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an append request builder for an existing request . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs csvparser with supplied separator and quote char . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return array length . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an empty tree . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parses the annotation member value at the current position in the specified byte buffer resolving constant references in 
finds the appropriate transition array for the given year . spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
adds a dependency . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets roles and users permitted to write stream metadata . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
make newchild occupy the location that oldchild used to have . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
launches particles in one shot asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the remaining statements . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new label . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
should the return value resultset be buffered in a local temporary file ? spec asserts spec asserts 
determines if this atlas server instance is passive and redirects to active if so . spec asserts 
interrupts the play thread and asks it to die . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
helper function for applymaskpenaltyrule . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
formats the given time given in seconds as a string . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the parameter is set or has a default value . spec spec spec spec 
instantiates a asserts based on the specified applicationexceptionbean and sets the given reason . spec spec asserts 
appends the specified element to the end of this list . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
internal function to find a node with its value . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
insert a call to the distance function for unary comparison spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
a value that can be used when searching for an aggregation suggestion . spec spec spec asserts 
determines if the spec with root module asserts is dependent on a module with the same name as 
returns a hash value based on a seed value and the value of a boolean primitive . 
provides serialization support . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes all group implementations currently defined in the directory server configuration . spec spec spec spec asserts 
pulls a string off the queue like asserts and then pulls off the matched string but does not 
push a copy of the current transformation matrix onto the stack . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
overrides the default sort to maintain the indexes hashmap according to the current sort column and order . 
adds element with the key into the ordered list . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
adds a referral object to the this instance of user collection . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts an input handle back to the corresponding java element . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates the context and registers all the default converters asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
send a verbose log message . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
update the singleton instance of prefs then mark isdirty that the values have changed and needs to save 
sets asserts to the memberid of the current elder if elder is remote null if elder is in 
obtain a key value holder . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize with a fixed reference date asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts the exception into a map of its properties . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new fieldarray containing no mappings that will not require any additional memory allocation to store the 
called when the screen is unloaded . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
report the status of the response . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
searches market items in a community s catalog asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize the full screen quad program . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
if it s literal text asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
partition input iterators equally as per the number of threads . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates new dviewasn dump dialog where the parent is a dialog . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
configure the configuration for the circuit breaker to be used for verifying access tokens . spec asserts 
creates new fault . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
draws the line segment specified by two points . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts invoke a static method that returns an integer value spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests element for a deprecated attribute . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
stops ldap server and the underlying directory service . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
lowercase the characters up to the given length asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ruft den wert der asserts eigenschaft ab . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
update the asserts value of the parents of path . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
set the image aspect ratio height width . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs a asserts from a creation template and attribute set . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
if deltay move the content down asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
commits this edit so it is visible to readers . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
always returns false since this state machine can never become final . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method is called when a service needs the activity to display a toast if it is running 
creates a bit address spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a asserts testcase . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts object . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new legend item collection initially empty . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
factory method creates a comment having this document as its ownerdoc . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks a type variable signature . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
if the method on top of the callstack differs from the method of the given bytecodeinstruction this methods 
write a string . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
assures that the browser does not download any binary files in spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
pack from string into array . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
append a hashcode for a float array . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an sqlclientinfoexception object . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
verifies the keyed checksum over the data passed in . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method to dispatch svg zoom event . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the trace of this matrix . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
perform a non recursive pre order post order traversal operating as a visitor . spec spec asserts 
post state change . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds default values to an existing attribute . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks that the given value is an unsigned short . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set the value of the matrix element at column and row spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return a hash code for this asserts . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
close standard output . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
deletes the snapshot with the given id . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns if the x axis custom text grid should be visible . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the closest int to x . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes utf asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
adds the given transaction to the given pools and registers a confidence change listener on it . 
clears all buffers and prepares rendering . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the following method test commit rollback test the scenario in which threads are committing and threads are rolling 
makes this class non instantiable but still let s others inherit from it . spec spec asserts 
unwrap a previously wrapped key . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sign the contents of string . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this type of attribute is a code attribute . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
if feature is enabled suppress warnings where there is at least one live store on the line where 
the preference value to control what node the request will be executed on asserts asserts spec asserts 
creates a rowset object that is a copy of this cachedrowsetimpl object s table structure and the constraints 
clears the cache . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a node test to the union list . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a worklist that will add the findbugs lib jsr . jar to the classpath . asserts 
construct an instance . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calls several preprocessing procedures the order of the calls is important ! asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
ask the thread to shut down asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets a watch for a particular source timestamp to be extracted . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
jmx operation remove all stats for this connection pool asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether the current selection is visible . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
tests getting the name asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
sessions will only be used to protect transactions and read only views when the m spec is no 
this treatment being designed for optimization the fact that spot is a signed power of two is only 
try to find layout xml file in selected element asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create the engine . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts a asserts from the modern convention to the convention used by the program . spec asserts 
throw out n and indentation tokens inside bigstring no nl spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a int value to the request . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
computes any calculated getfields . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the element type . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
for testing consolidate the store now asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
re open the same backing store . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the control tag and fills in the passed report in case of failure . spec asserts 
internal for merging and overriding to work properly all asserts must be able to compare themselves for metadata 
player returns after finishing the quest . spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method converts device specific pixels to density independent pixels . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
accept the visitor . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates cache entry filter and returns a pointer . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
notification from the uimanager that the l f has changed . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
creates a rule to initialize and drop a test database with the default configuration . spec spec 
add a non product item to the shopping cart . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts this object to a localtime with the same time and chronology . spec spec spec asserts 
write a single character . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
copies the key value mappings in map into this map . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
report the end of an entity . spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a scroller with the specified interpolator . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
modifies or replaces the task used to execute a runnable . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a copy of the receiver the copy will produce identical sequences . spec spec spec asserts 
test of spec method of class piece . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
validates connectivity through the transit . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
print the matrix to stdout . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
creates an sqltimeoutexception object . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
copies all object members into the details common map . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return usage of the program . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
import a single asserts card into the database using the given session . spec spec spec asserts 
tick all interfaces with the given state asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
start the load monitor . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clears any to mapping for a register . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
run event handlers for selected event . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads at most asserts bytes from the supplied input stream and returns them as a byte array . 
asserts this event is called when the user move the mouse inside a monitored label . spec 
returns the text matched by the current regular expression . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cycles through the different shuffle modes asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
linearly interpolate this and other using the given interpolation factor t and store the result in this . 
creates a asserts wrapping the provided x certificate . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
obtain a method type with given argument types . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
an exception to signal the encounter of non numeric features where numeric features have been expected . 
computes the asserts of the input matrix element by element spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invokes the set of post operation bind plugins that have been configured in the directory server . 
verifies that the user has permission to access all the tenants in the tenants collection spec asserts 
not so much a test as a code coverage exercise . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
ifge is not a logical function . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
gibt zurueck ob das argument asserts ist oder nicht alias fuer spec . spec spec spec asserts 
resets the data to a null set asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compute this asserts overwrite this . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
get index of a system listener . spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
flush and close the stream . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests an object for equality with this instance . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines if the passed volume has an active full copy session . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds an image to the animation with the specified duration time to display the image . spec 
tries to determine the appropriate file format based on the a mime type that describes the content type 
dismiss the soft keyboard if one view in the activity has the focus . spec spec asserts 
shows the given message in the main gui status bar . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the value associated with a dynany object with the value contained in an any . spec 
select count ? w as ? u count distinct as ? c ? s p ? v . 
compares an entry in the directory server using the provided compare request . spec spec spec asserts 
minimum toroidal difference vector between two points . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
copy bytes from a file to an outputstream . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
disconnect refresh and close bluetooth gatt . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets an existing image to the imageview asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parse an atom feed returning a collection of entry objects . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
mark the statement as completed . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parses the specified string as a signed short value using the specified radix . spec spec asserts 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handling of the locking mechanism using asserts keeper . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert to an ip address without performing a dns lookup . asserts asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
distance between circle center asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
called when a drawer has settled in a completely open state . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
customized activity finish . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the number of foos where uuid and groupid . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
validate the array for asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a string with all attributes in name value format . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write a localized message using the default resource bundle . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new atomicreferencearray of the given length with all elements initially null . spec spec spec 
destruction of the servlet . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates the properties of a chart to match the properties defined on the panel . spec spec 
instantiates a new oidc exception . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add activity to stack asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines if the specified character may be part of a velocity identifier as other than the first character 
unlinks cancelled waiter nodes from condition queue . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
return a integer that is flipped in the range . . . mod spec spec spec asserts 
parses the filter parameter section . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
append an element to the typeargument list . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method was generated by mybatis generator . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a filer for a field based on several terms matching on any of them . spec asserts 
causes the execution of all registered listeners . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
opens the main window scripting dialog . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates the classifier with the given instance . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new empty asserts . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the specified zone record to the zone records list . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
encloses the incoming string inside double quotes if it isn t already quoted . spec spec asserts 
this should never be called if called it is a bug . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an omcircle with a lat lon center and a physical distance radius . spec spec asserts 
transfers the currently selected range in the associated text model to the system clipboard leaving the contents in 
save selection return selecion query or asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
opens the previewed file with an external application . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
look ahead of the current token in order to make a branching decision . spec spec asserts 
constructs the instance on the base of existing certificate object to be wrapped . spec spec asserts 
return one functionlib contain content of all given function libs spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
unregisters a listener for the sensors with which it is registered . spec spec spec spec spec 
converts a real entry to a test entry including its children . spec spec spec spec asserts 
download load download select chapter check permission update index add task spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
save the javadstream to geode key value store . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invokes the delegate s write int method . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handle the request for the openam rest api docs . spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
compares the models of the default context of two repositories and returns true if rep is a subset 
constructs an entry link that points to the given entry type . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to notify when the data source has changed and is necessary to re draw the view . 
runs a single instance of the test as configured in the code . spec spec spec asserts 
check if a draw claim is allowed possibly after playing move . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes wheel clicking listener asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
if this sets to true and the log printed in an inner class then this inner class name 
notifies that a the resource was borrowed . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a dhcp relay service profile . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
add key value pair to map key need not null spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
package level api called from cookiesyncmanager delete a cookie in the ram asserts spec spec spec asserts 
closes the iterator handling null and ignoring exceptions . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this patching chain contains the specified element . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculates the needed angles for the chart slices asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
unlock the device . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set the border formatter used when logging . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
see specification gbt asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
fires a open event on all registered handlers in the handler manager . if no such handlers exist 
returns an empty list since this aspect does not depend on any other aspects . spec asserts 
creates a new dynamic group search thread that is associated with the provided member list and that will 
an exception to signal the encounter of non numeric features where numeric features have been expected . 
creates a new instance of smartjlist spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
print the the trace of methods from where the error originated . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
pops the most recently used namespace from the stack asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
adds the specified object to the priority queue . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
send the message selector to the class named receiver . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an empty lrucache instance with the specified initial capacity asserts load factor and ordering mode . 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ends marshalling of an element . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an sqlrecoverableexception object . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes all key value mappings from this sparseintarray . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
todo increment this at an appropriate point asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
increment the components of this vector by the given values . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
returns a der encodable representation of this instance . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a projectionstacktrigger . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns the channel value between values based on the percent of the distance between the values . . 
assigns a debugger to the project . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
internal debug method that outputs the registry contents . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
causes resources used by the world window to be freed . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an sqlsyntaxerrorexception object . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
subtract v from this vector . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
adds a listener object that is notified about changes in the panel . spec spec spec asserts 
this method takes a string as input reverses it and returns the result spec spec spec asserts 
returns from a result activity asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the lower and upper bounds range of the x values in the specified dataset . asserts 
returns whether an exception while auto commit is on closes all result sets . spec spec asserts 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
suspends every thread in this group and recursively in all its subgroups . spec spec spec asserts 
reset record reader iterator asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
saves the current state of the view asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resets a custom language model by removing all asserts and words from the model . spec asserts 
the synchronized ticker that uses the same thread as the game . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the start of the dtd external subset . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
dock the given child onto the given parent which is itself a child of this class . 
coverts given ints array to array of floats . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return null if token is malformed or expired asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the margin border and padding to the specified content width . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the short product name for the directory server suitable for use in file names . spec 
adds the animation to the end to the animation queue spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resets the stop watch deleting all gathered values . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
builds an ast tree to assign an expression to a variable . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes a thread queue with the default maximum number of threads running at the same time . 
returns the tip text for this property . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new zip entry with fields taken from the specified zip entry . spec spec spec 
function copies the header from the original asserts the output list spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a sequential unsized stream of ints generates at least values spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
sax dtdhandler api . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
as previous test but at lat long asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
you are not supposed to instantiate this class . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests whether item is contained by range asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
pushes a value into the operand stack of this frame . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates and returns a new instance . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true since this imageoutputstream maintains a file cache . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the geocoder methods getfromlocation and getfromlocationname are implemented . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates that the record should be inserted into the zone . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
notifies all listeners that have registered interest for notification on this event type . spec spec asserts 
used for object declarations that use their own value binding in their body spec spec spec asserts 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
checks so all components in ccmap actually exist in the parent s collection . spec spec asserts 
rounds to the nearest whole unit of this field on a copy of this datetime favoring the ceiling 
move to next group value asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create download queue manager . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates new server connection spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the given state is currently active otherwise false . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
read a line from the stream returning as a string . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
messaged when a child has been inserted at index . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
this function is used to fixup variables from qnames to stack frame indexes at stylesheet build time . 
create a content model of a particular type . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
as their names suggest asserts can reenter ! asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a new array of the given length with the same type as a reference array . 
unpacks the compressed character translation table . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
paints just the signature portion of the panel . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs a numericentityescaper above the specified value exclusive . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
send an error log message asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a check to see if an omgraphic is the same as the one of interest . spec 
find set of classes referenced in given bugcollection . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
navigate to prev active control or cell in table asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
flush underlying stream to writer . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get whether this model is restoring toggle states asserts asserts spec asserts asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
does something to insert a sleep time into the script . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a simple non shuffled partition for an example set . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a asserts to the game and play the ball drop sound . spec spec spec asserts 
collects the passed in objects into a case insensitive hash set . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test doc and query . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the value of simultaneous le and br edr to same device capable host . spec asserts 
creates a new servlet server . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this result is an overflow condition . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a vertical spacer for separating components . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove the given listener spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the system is running and false otherwise spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new generator . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a fixed view to appear at the top of the grid . spec spec spec asserts 
generates the yeoman stuff . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates user data with the modification stamp of the resource . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
auto generated axis error handler override this method for handling error response from asserts operation spec asserts 
creates a new instance . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if the aggregate type is valid . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
normalizes a name to something openmrs will accept . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
return the size as in last item so an array of values is if added if using set 
applies the given matrix transform to all mesh vertices and updates all face normals . spec asserts 
create enabled image with name id of button name and asserts command asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method scales image up for given value related to given coords x y . spec asserts 
classifies the given set of features . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests task from file spec . gar . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
refresh continuous copies . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a minimum spanning forest from the supplied graph populating the supplied forest which must be empty . 
whether the helper is currently performing a parsing operation . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
normalize the axis vector . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets up output tuples asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the mapping for this key from this map if present . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
apply the exception handler and return the alternative result . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resets the theme to what was specified in the board file . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a list of structural property descriptors for this node type . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test a simple phrase spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prints error messages only if debug state is greater than debug . off . spec spec asserts 
verifies that the method asserts works with unknown filename . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create the component that is associated with this view . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
appends new content type to restricted list depending on the current restricted content types spec spec asserts 
asserts add attribute space z n h n rows of h columns to instances d which should have 
escapes any double quotes in the given string . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a decoder to generate balloon text for a feature . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string that may be used to indent a dump of the nodes in the tree . 
ensures that all pending data is sent out to the target stream . spec spec spec asserts 
this method is basically to cleanup resources which might cause leaks if the same vm is used again 
encodes binary data using a url safe variation of the base algorithm but does not chunk the output 
confirm that significance testing doesn t alter the average that would be returned . spec spec asserts 
create a new numberrangemodel for the given range . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests the functionality of the validate method using case insensitivity and not allowing spaces if it succeeds . 
asserts inverse gain normalization asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
constructs an instance . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a test for bug . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests if stale checking is enabled . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
creates a new asserts . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
call this method to prevent this event from bubbling to this widget s parent true or undefined to 
create an option to specify the stream with the sequence file . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
equality based on whether one two one two or two one . spec spec spec spec spec 
find the fields constant that matches name or null if its not found . spec spec asserts 
skilltarget is in the boost skill state because skillcaster used skillname . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
unlinks interior node p with predecessor trail . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when an atom is being added to hypergraph to check and possibly add index entries for the 
write string in binary format . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines if a file is newer than another by comparing the timestamps and sizes . spec spec 
subtract an integer from this address and return the result . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
introduce a number of spaces at the start of each line . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialises the clustered values asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
checks if is double . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
closes the previous epoch . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
starts a web server . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
apply rotation about the x axis to this matrix by rotating the given amount of radians . 
update the category header for the allowed list . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
read the next key in the file skipping its value . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
registers a property scribe . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
should the process be started ? asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
unread the last character . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets this attribute s fields according to attributevalue array . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
if stopscrollwhentouch is true if event is down stop auto scroll . spec spec spec spec asserts 
sets up system dependent instance variables and sets system independent instance variables to default values note most instance 
adds a single component to the end of this compound name . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test for getinstance string type provider provider method assertion throws nullpointerexception when type is null throws certificateexception when 
checks the attribute in configuration is not set . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks the guard if there is one before performing a default serialization . spec spec spec spec 
makes a tag value given a field number and wire type . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize method called inside the chart . init method . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
finds and returns the first whitespace character in the given sequence at or after start . spec 
check for equality of non null references x and y . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
update a ruleactionparameter record with specific parameters . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
deletes a preset including the corresponding preset data directory asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generate a key parameter derived from the password salt and iteration count we are currently initialised with . 
removes the specified key value mapping from the map if it is present . spec spec asserts 
start the timeout timer . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
executes the sql statement in this preparedstatement object which may be any kind of sql statement . 
new instance without metrics . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
helper for error callbacks that just returns the status . error by default spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new exception with null as its detail message . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
stop broadcasting and listening to membership pings asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
call this to get the output value of this unit . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
two randomly chosen odd numbers must be passed in . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the contents of the specified file as a string . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
apply a filter expression . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a core token service exception . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialise the rsa engine . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resets the buffer content . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a asserts with the asserts flag set . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if a given coap code is the empty message code . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
add a method signature to the interface . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an array of all values defined in this class . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
size changes when elements added and removed asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
encrypts or decrypts data in a single part operation or finishes a multiple part operation . asserts 
sets the factor by which to restrict block destruction smaller factor means less destruction . f is normal 
this method was generated by mybatis generator . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
normalizes radian latitude . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the properties of a server group for some ldap attributes . spec spec spec spec spec 
escape turtle multiline literal quote characters in the given value . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
webview load finish check . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prepare a request for sending . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
process requested acr values if any . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new configurationexception without a nested throwable . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the hash code for extensible filter . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
send a message requesting the data from a particular slot . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the database when the password is not known for example when we are starting the spec on 
trace the operation . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
store a properties file . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
abort the asserts in sequence . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
serialize an object to the given outputstream as pretty printed xml . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set icon on icon button asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
deregisters the specified password storage scheme with the directory server . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
check if any port in the list is from the storage system asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new emr cluster in waiting state . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compares this map with another map for equality of their stored entries . spec spec spec spec 
use this connection object to make connections . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
print the result of the dfs numbering performed in step spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a shape to the internal shape map . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
this function implements the semenatics of the cipher opts directive directive . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes the contents of this cacheheader to the specified outputstream . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
helper to verify an int value in a cursor asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
describe what the method does asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of enum . spec spec spec asserts 
zip contents of infile to outfile . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a space index for the specified path with the specified index type . spec spec spec 
creates the rpclass . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove the relationship . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
promotes eol which may lead to an automatically inserted semicolon . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
create the exception . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
contacts settings for public pages only . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
create topological list and a reverse topological list the results are on spec and spec lists spec 
only exception testing . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
verifica que un usuario no asserts no se puede asserts . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the cipher in the specified mode with the given key and iv . spec spec asserts 
called once at initialization . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
locates the index null . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
evaluates the integer operator . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
asserts copy a region of unicode characters from a string to the given buffer . spec asserts 
always returns true . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
enters a new lexical state asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
default xml namespace new namespace . . . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
initiates a download . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
flushes this output stream by forcing any buffered output bytes that have already been processed by the encapsulated 
creates an internaldistributedmember address that can be used with the asserts jgroups channel . spec spec asserts 
return a new netmember representing current host asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a jsonarray from an array asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
permite establecer la marca de bloqueo de una unidad documental spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts the message to a string . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
force the top of the stack to be treated as this supertype of its current type . 
print stack trace to system . err . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance of emptytype asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clears the notification listener that accepts progress report info so that no reporting is made . asserts 
creates the jboss deployer . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new labelprovider which will use the gettext getname or tostring method for text and the geticon 
creates a new chart entity . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
modify consistency group in async mode asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
the asserts has abandoned the asserts dredgion asserts mission . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
jelinek mercer with default parameters asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
factory method for classvertex objects representing missing classes . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
inserts the specified node in this vector at the specified index . asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
comprueba que los campos de tipo dato existen en la base de datos spec spec spec asserts 
discards the specified byte array . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
perform the specified action on the tree node . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates a mysql url with or without the asserts true option . spec spec spec spec spec 
updates the uis of all the known frames . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
deregisters all ports used by passed class . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check the reachability of a slot . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
stores the given value in the given column of this row spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
store the data to the specified nbt tag . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sends a keep alive request to the cluster . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
insert the given element right before the specified position . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a trusted x asserts . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
issue a post with the given parameters and waits for replication . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
wait for a sensor to be inactive . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
returns true if file exists . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculate the position on a quadratic bezier curve by given three points and the percentage of time passed 
sends bitcoin from your wallet to a single address . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
throws the configured exception . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this is used to register the model within the list . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the short version of the jni function name for a method . spec spec spec asserts 
create a memoryhandler . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is the command currently applicable ? asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invoked if the visited frame is a same frame or a same frame extended . spec asserts 
constructs a uf test problem with the specified number of decision variables . spec spec spec spec 
ensures a directory name always ends with a . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clears the result state . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
computes the shortest distance between two nodes which is used perhaps among other places in computing which rules 
returns the latitude of this point as degrees . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the text matched by the current regular expression . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
you can only receive this quest when your national contribute point is num or more . spec 
optional sets the height of the video file to be sent spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
public static boolean asserts string name return asserts . char name pattern . matcher name . matches stores 
given an actor return a new one that may use a different platform for permissions and world editing 
subscribe to events from one specific device . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
copies the text to the clipboard by means of the asserts spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a well formed repldbmsevent fragment with a specified shard id . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the fd by it s name e . g . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
add the text in current node to document text buffer create and add to index a field annotation 
java . util . arraylist add int java . lang . object asserts spec spec spec asserts 
build a asserts with the given ticket . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
indicates whether this image is opaque or not asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a centerlistener to the listener list . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remembers the cdata sections specified in the cdata section elements by appending the given cdata section elements to 
get an iterator over all items in the given group which match the given predicate filter . 
creates new marshaller will all defaults . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
encodes a byte array into web safe base notation . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
only allow entities for the given player which have types in the class mask to move . 
util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
builds a new date time series . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
load a class by its fully qualified name . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
performs the actual rendering . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs this sample . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
instantiates a new asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
schedule storage for object in the varray with the given cos capabilities . spec spec spec asserts 
convert a reporting period into the time scale of a profiling period asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a lineup to the schedules direct account . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the bit mask for the server status from the mysql eof packet spec spec spec asserts 
pbeparameterspec byte salt int asserts method testing . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates new invalidjobexception without detail message . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
translates matrix m by x y and z putting the result in tm spec spec spec asserts 
assigns a cos as defined by a cos definition to the persistent object . spec spec asserts 
returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of anonymous activity . spec spec spec 
create a damaging area . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find the number of neighbor spaces starting at offset . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns custom level for debug type log message asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when the ddm server connects . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
responsible for handling component elements deliberately unimplemented . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if there is any connectivity asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
wrap a key . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
visit annotation on a class field or method asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
simple push of omgraphic attributes from one to another . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new wheel picker . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new exception with the specified detail message and bean for jax ws exception serialization . 
replaces persisted packing plan in state manager . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new unassigned shard . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method uploads a file to the remote server . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new gf npolynomialelement by cloning the given gf npolynomialelement b . spec spec spec asserts 
stops the server if started asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handle changes in the process var s asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new rfc msg object with the specified text and no encoding . spec spec asserts 
cache an item s client id keyed by item id spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
internally used to convert from this model to a gmapsfx model . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the payload objects of the current and the given spec are the same . 
a non concurrent version testing both create and destroy . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reset the parser to the initial state without resetting the underlying reader . spec spec spec asserts 
sets the aliases that will be associated with the index when it gets created spec spec spec 
opens a query . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
see isbn for dummies spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
finds all entities that have been marked for deletion . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
tostring passed int value . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reverses the order of the polygon points within the given list . spec spec spec spec spec 
call this method for asserts messaging app asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this function represents the block of code in the original fortran program that comes after line . 
prints an initial error to system . err . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs a samza stream partition object from specified components . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check out if it is a empty data asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a vote response builder for an existing response . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
offset needed to return a specific subset of video albums . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
import records using i product asi table asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invokes the paint method on each ui handled by this object . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
copy chars from a large over gb reader to a writer . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
closes this output stream and releases any system resources associated with this stream . spec spec asserts 
creates a binary tree of asserts with levels . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a sql order by asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reset header view s height . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invalidates this table s cached schema . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convenience construction for wizards that only have a single step in them . spec spec spec spec 
puts a reference to this label in the bytecode of a method . spec spec spec asserts 
creates new form lwjglappletcustomizerpanel asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
hook for blocking navigation by the cordova webview . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a beandescriptor for a bean that doesn t have a customizer . spec spec spec asserts 
starts a timer with the specified name . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the value of the asserts property . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the cache size . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add an image to the cache . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
read a flattened object from an xmlpullparser . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new tree . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
destroy particles in a group . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
open a store for the given file name using a small page size . spec spec asserts 
shim to set the result type of the extraction . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
hook method that gives a final chance to release resources and stop spawned threads . spec asserts 
reports an error that occured while scanning . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
sorts the specified array in ascending natural order . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
removes all components from this list and sets its size to zero . spec spec spec asserts 
resets the stream . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called by this . transform if isparsereventsonmain false . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
computes the pair counting recall . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compares two qualified name prefixes . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
look for the specified class . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates optional component . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
gives the tiptext for asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
triggered when the target application icon is activated . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
null safe object value comparison . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether this job impressions completed attribute is equivalent tp the passed in object . spec asserts 
creates a new exception with given error message and optional nested cause exception . spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
validate the given date asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a jlabel instance with the specified text image and horizontal alignment . spec spec spec asserts 
builds a tostring value through reflection . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
create new stream send object . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
stops running cluster membership protocol and releases occupied resources . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
divide bigdecimal scale roundingmode asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
update the time . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return a new compatible image that contains a copy of the specified image . spec spec asserts 
does the user want us to suspend before deleting the original source volume during the workflow . 
create a new asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ln n ! . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
learn a device using the given characteristics . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the value of the enabled property . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
issue an error . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns the base package name of the current node . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new memory section description object . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
update the throttles speed setting without sending to hardware . spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
creates a new xpath filtercontainer with the filter type subtract . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
stump method for building the classifiers . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the list of snapshot ids created for the volume . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convenience method for reading a binary file and base encoding it . spec spec spec spec asserts 
called each tick while suit active async . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
relativelocationpath step relativelocationpath step asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a new list type option . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
attempt to asserts the given item . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
specifies the current row column s grow priority . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
start capturing a sequence of images asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
like next but wraps around from the last face to the first and vice versa . asserts 
this method should be over ridden by subclasses to change the underlying cache implementation and implement features like 
return the memory . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
encodes a byte array into web safe base notation . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the specified key from the cache if it exists . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
called to indicate to this component that dnd is done . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns whether logging is enabled . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
iterates through this file line by line splitting each line using the given regex separator pattern . 
encodes the diff . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads the current image . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the id used to reference this component in some constraints . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
method called to add specified annotation in the map but only if it didn t yet exist . 
removes the asserts associated with the passed in token if it exists . spec spec spec asserts 
provide a file to log errors . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method is used to bind a specific instance of a virtual keyboard to a specific textfield . 
closes connections that have been idle for at least the given amount of time . spec spec 
returns true if this avt is simple asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create the tests that validate the subdirectories of a given directory . spec spec spec spec spec 
accept the visitor . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
generates the instruction to store the top stack value in the given method argument . spec asserts 
adds the specified selected item in the object to the object s selection . spec spec asserts 
generate matrix with random elements asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
increases the count of read messages by and sets the last read time to currenttime . asserts 
create a new cache . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
retruns ths shared instance of the cache spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if the plugin id has been previously declared . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the update method is called if the view does not participate in a join . spec asserts 
checks whether this iterator has been closed . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
verifies all the document level timestamps and all the signatures in the document . asserts spec asserts 
creates a new server constraint handler . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes asserts from beginning end if present asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of a collection based on the class type of collection and specified initial capacity 
returns true iff the given function type has a return type of void . spec spec spec 
deletes a file . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
upon close this reads the remainder of the chunked message leaving the underlying socket at a position to 
constructs a parameterized instance . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert a datetime from one chronology to another . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
swaps each element this i with other i . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds tuple to the numerator hash asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compile a div operation . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
guaranteed to throw an exception and leave the table unmodified . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns true if two expressions originating from the same scope are identical i . e . spec 
creates a new instance of this class . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
registers the given event failover so that it will be notified when an event occurs on this pooledconnection 
update the timer bar asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
flattens the passed list of change instances to a string delimiter spaced identifier strings . spec asserts 
creates a new malformedchallengeexception with the specified message . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
deserializes a multisig cosignatory modification . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the number of keys stored in the jsonobject . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
checks to make sure that the stream has not been closed spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
applies the mutation operator to an individual particle . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
internal close the schema writer when the schema asserts is garbage collected asserts spec spec spec asserts 
accepts a mac address and returns the corresponding long where the mac bytes are set on the lower 
construct a diffusion model . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
convert a jsonobject into a cookie specification string . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts finds the first row with the most s asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ensures that the current row is the current row of the result set . spec spec spec 
whether or not the module is available in the source path or the repository spec spec asserts 
smooth scroll by a y delta asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
sets this attribute s fields according to attributevalue array . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
guesses the distribution to use for the r parameter asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
close the closeable . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
transform each value in the list using the specified function . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determine structure to use for storing closed set . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an xml property . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
when filling the churn only spec fluids are accepted asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
put or replace an object value in the jsonarray . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
unified page iterator creation method that all sub classes should use so overriding classes can extend and configure 
specify the description of the project that needs to be created . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get sales transaction . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when a window is activated . spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the actual emulatedfields instance used by the receiver . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
parameter returned when photos are uploaded to server . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the index of the first occurrrence of the pattern string in the text string . spec 
documentcallsfunction clenqueuecopybuffer enqueues a command to copy a buffer object identified by src buffer to another buffer object 
processes all the characters in a line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
unsets the designated parameter to the given int object . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invokes git fetch . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
canonicalize so that can be used . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
store the node information into this object . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new instance with its cause filled in . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a resource from a list of properties . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates the default cumulative probability density test expected values asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
formats the json content and print it asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the string header value for the given header value as an object . spec spec asserts 
clicking on local checkbox triggers scanconversion on the data stored in a local csv file spec asserts 
suppress the default ctor as the length must always be specified spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if the given native guid string exists in the database for a volume object . spec 
checks that the indices of a subvector are valid . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find all relationships related to the vertex by the vertex type . spec spec spec spec spec 
creates a new instance . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an iterator that returns each column value with duplicates omitted . spec spec spec spec spec 
constructs a charset map read from a property file path . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
is the combo box popup a drop down popup or does it overlay the box ? spec 
creates a new asserts object . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an instance of this class . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
opens google maps and searches for address or place name around some latitude longitude . spec asserts 
compare the version of this message with the given version . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads the next eight bytes as an unsigned long into a long if the top bit is a 
logs object s context . tostring . . . representation to info stream if it s defined . 
initialization of the servlet . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ensures value conforms type if known asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
parses the given command and executes it spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of a asserts . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
applies a span to the given string to give it an error color . spec spec asserts 
close all channels except the ones in the given array . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes all elements from group asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a shallow copy of this okhttpclient that uses the system wide default for each field that hasn 
generate the random byte to be sent asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this associationrulesproducer can actually produce rules . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
remember a successful factory for connecting to host . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
convert uint into char we treat char as uint asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
send a warning log message asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the colors from a color integer map entry . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates the window when something relevant like a new tab was selected happens . spec spec asserts 
starts the server . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
loads mp asserts atom from the input bitstream . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a plane with the normal vector and distance from a specified plane . asserts spec asserts 
edits a comment on a topic on a community s discussion board . spec spec spec asserts 
adds a node to the queue . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new web socket manager . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cleans up internal state . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
currently this method returns the black scholes implied volatility using analytic formulas for european options and a finite 
getalgorithm method testing . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct an optionalt from an anym that wraps a monad containing spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
encodes the given element using the given coder and hashes the encoding . spec spec spec asserts 
configures the job . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets all of the data types that are defined as static constants in this class . asserts 
sign a returned message using a private key named test . spec . asserts . org found in 
constructs a new asserts with the given sound volume and pitch spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
commits the local transaction . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines if the specified class parameter represents an array class . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
scrolls the column into view . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ruft den wert der asserts eigenschaft ab . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ops mode request returns a programmer asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
cancel button was pressed asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a new internal trace list object . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ignore repeat events for now asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
do nothing on cancel . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add any extra values into the object which can be later retrieved . spec spec spec spec 
removes all incoming and outgoing product references for this product . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
removes the last occurrence of the word and from the given string including potential trailing spaces case insensitive 
instantiates a new ascii to string converter . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
search a word in a browser asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
use a namespace prefix to lookup a namespace uri . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new geotimeserie instance with the initial hint about its size spec spec spec spec spec 
pings a asserts server at the specified asserts and asserts . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks the available buffer size retrieving a segment from the server if necessary . spec spec asserts 
just returns the first value . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
just make easier to understand asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
return the cached hashcode of the qualified name . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new dom writer on the given output writer . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove a value by key . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts this offset to its iso string representation . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
makes a long from two integers treated unsigned asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if all tags in this two ifds are equal . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
dfs based topological sort . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
implementation note sorting can not be done for orphaned children . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resumes the noxitem downloads if was previously paused . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
do we have postal codes asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
make the filter ready to process the next request . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
pans the range axes by the specified percentage . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the multiple attribute on the last started tag that has not been closed . spec spec 
for testing and debug . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
should never be called on client adds a asserts to a player inventory and sends changes with client 
converts dp into px depending on screen density asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
wipes all request vars and sets a new holder map . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new array input stream using a given array fragment . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is attachment entry a graphic asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
closes the input stream . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a serverlocatorimpl using a static list of live servers spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the alarm sensor command class . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new malformedcookieexception with a null detail message . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
paste the stored entities to the given position . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
computes the distances of all the node from the starting root nodes . spec spec spec asserts 
builds a business object data status update response . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method is called to execute the action that the stepinstance must perform . spec spec asserts 
formats the value as a human readable string . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
read single byte from file . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
notifies the system of a change in the list of directories handled by a particular directory provider . 
returns a string that describes a graph representing the object . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
choose area form local files asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
builds link using requesthandler . makelinkauto logic convenience wrapper . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
push a new element on the top of the stack spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
determines whether beans can assume a gui is available . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compute a list of patches to turn text into text . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes a java object tree to xml and store it to the specified location . spec asserts 
returns the decimal int represented by this character array . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
get the y co ordinate of the block . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
encodes a byte array into base format . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
start preview for image from camera asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an instance of this doublemetaphone encoder asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the live attribute values of this element . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize the string table . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compile a template . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return whether the specified message code indicates an asserts emergency user alert . spec spec spec asserts 
reads a big endian bit float from the current position in this file . spec spec asserts 
this is used to determine whether the specified value has been overridden by the strategy . asserts 
checks a type variable signature . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ctor based on just the data used by unit tests . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
executes the next phase of this key agreement with the given key that was received from one of 
load value from property string value asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
draws a filled rectangle of the specified size centered at x y . spec spec spec asserts 
restores the current node remembered by setmark . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert a map to json text . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this duration is negative . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
helps out a deletion by appending marker or unlinking from predecessor . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a dynamic proxy for an annotation mirror . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
string describing default associator . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a wizard to represent this branch controller . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
verify the signature of the xml string asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
todo summary sentence for createcontrol . . . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
inserts a key value pair into the map . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new transactionid control . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
pushes the specified amount of characters back into the input stream . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
helper method to build an xml node . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
dump out the object as a string . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a synchronized grammar pool . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this function generates a string representing the query that can be directly parsed by lucene . asserts 
reset the segments and distances asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
visits a type instruction . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
write the specified map of old entry and new entry dns to the log file . spec 
check if the transaction has a known confidence asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the contents of a byte as a string using the default character encoding of the platform . 
jdbc . make the set of commands in the current batch empty . spec spec spec asserts 
if the configurations have been loaded after the creation of the model the backup parameters need to be 
offsets the translation for all vertices in the current draw call . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reset the progress spinner to default rotation start and end angles . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new progress bar with a defined range of minimum to maximum and also with a hint 
visits the header of the class . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create process button . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates and persists a new business object data entity . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
when updating service if the parameter s value and asserts are equals with the existing it will not 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
get the next node in the iteration . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cover method for isenabled null . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if there s no bottom latitude bound . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes query cursor . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert source version vo to target version vo . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determine the right windows library depending on the architecture . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this distance joint is a spring distance joint with damping . spec spec asserts 
resizes the gridview . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convenience method to interrupt current thread . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ensures the specified cell is visible . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
pretty print a position . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
unlinks interior node p with predecessor trail . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
make a jsonexception to signal a syntax error . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns all the foos where field . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a new uri with the given query parameters appended to the original ones if any . 
don t let anyone instantiate this class . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new layout . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an instance of operationabortedexception with the specified cause . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether a namespace is defined spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method was generated by mybatis generator . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a source of the encoding input p for oaep padding as defined in the pkcs standard using 
this method start adb server asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes any data values in the map that are non serializable . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new flow layout manager with the indicated alignment and the indicated horizontal and vertical gaps . 
deletes a range of characters . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add an name for an event type represented by java bean plain old java object events . 
populates a ui control node with locations . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a new kernel point to the internal list this object represents . spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new dialog object . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if values are of list typed . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
asserts defined for this partitioned region is added to pr attributes . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds an element to the element . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
build a region covering the whole space . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is annotated with fixture asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
associates this class with the given datatype . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the next node in the iteration . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests if this hashtable maps no keys to values . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new boolean control object with the given parameters . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
iterate through all entries and remove the obsolete ones . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
copies data from one bufferedimage to another asserts attention to the state of asserts . spec asserts 
creates a coordinate vector . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
scales a vector given by start and end point by a factor . spec spec spec spec 
gets the valor value for this asserts . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create job with given argument . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
closes the given closeable if non null swallows any ioexceptions . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new asserts pseudo random number generator . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string representing the contents of the array delimited by the a comma . spec spec 
set a default profile if it has not been set . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns a fresh copy of all data from level buffers . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a futurew asyncrhonously from the supplied try asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
receive packet by parser notify send progress asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
appends a separator of a specified size to the end of the tool bar . spec asserts 
returns true iff object is a multivariatesummarystatistics instance and all statistics have the same values as this . 
your abnormal mental conditions were removed because skillcaster used skillname on you . spec spec spec asserts 
loads the specified class does not perform any initialization . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
skilltarget is unable to fly because skillcaster used skillname . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new virtual list view request control that will identify the target entry by an assertion value 
creates a new instance of spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates asserts with given min and max n grams . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
see if an array is an alt text array . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets this scanner s delimiting pattern to the specified pattern . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs a stellar expression . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
get the tuple with the maximum data field value . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
take a set of breadcrumbs and make a copy with a new one added at the end 
check if the given element is an array . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
barrier for conditional compare and exchange of address fields . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
performs a shallow copy of the effectlist asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
obtiene la lista de asserts del sistema asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a new directory entry to this node s children and returns the index of the entry in 
update an arc with a certain radius at a lat lon location . spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the given state is a goal state . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
verifies the syntax of the target name and recreates any transient state . spec spec spec asserts 
retrieves the lines from the provided reader . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
verifies keyed checksum . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
creates a new instance of spec from a prototype asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
log rule execution statistics . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
string representation of textgrid as it is written into text files by praat and this . spec . 
update rate and check is max allowed rate exceeded . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
registers a new listener to be notified usually this . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
replaces the current exhausted buffer with the next buffer in the chain . spec spec spec asserts 
return the relationship related by the type with the high consciousness level . spec spec spec spec 
this method returns true if the host addresses are equal to each other otherwise false . asserts 
used when socketing of equipped item spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert a field value from one java data type to another . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
search for a matching provider for a key . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
searches the specified collection for the maximum element using the specified comparator . spec spec spec asserts 
initialise the generator with a source of randomness and a strength in bits . spec spec spec 
constucts a wrapper for the given edgelistgraph . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
look up a fully qualified name . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the from part of the range query . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
each of a parallel sized stream of bounded doubles is within bounds asserts spec spec spec asserts 
end window operator override . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
decodes the provided encoded schema element id . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes a caret listener . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new object wrapper . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when cached data changed init or deleted . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
write an ellipse in the response . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
searches all ui elements in the current menu until it finds one that has a variable with the 
create a new plugin success result and send it back to javascript asserts spec spec spec asserts 
starting the service container . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tell if the table contains the given object . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the table type for the given table name . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
wakes up flushing threads if map size exceeded maximum value or in case of shutdown . asserts 
instructs the lognode to print the log data provided . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the trial request interval in half open state . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
append to the tostring the end of data indicator . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
generates a random uniform double . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates whether an editing operation is currently underway . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the response leader . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates a column in the current or insert row . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new random number generator using a single long seed . spec spec spec spec spec 
destroy the view . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
report the end of a cdata section . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the elapsed cpu time in seconds since the stopwatch was created . spec spec spec asserts 
provides a freemarker template loader as a singleton to be used anywhere needed . spec spec asserts 
randomize the network . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates the view associated to the activity after the finish of an operation trying create a new folder 
starts reading sensor data for head tracking . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
disposes this viewer and any controls held by it . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new token for the specified image and kind . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
purges one entry whose wrapped key has been garbage collected . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
reads the contents of an inputstream into a byte . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
append a hashcode for a short array . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts binary represented as boolean array into a long using the default little endian lsb byte and bit 
reports an error that occured while scanning . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
indicates whether this user is managed by the given user group . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the types of all local variables . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
listener that verifies max name and construct lengths . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct report service . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the boolean value stored in this object for the given key . spec spec spec asserts 
writedata output this modbus message to dout . asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
creates a simplecheckoutstarter object after verifying git url spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
remove a terminal if it is in the set . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
will work only on java . or later . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
fill picks column id from c order asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
joins two segments into one if the given point d . double hits a node of the polyline 
constructs an instance . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a user object spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new contentdispositionheader based on the newly supplied contentdisposition value . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new googlebaseattribute with a name and no type . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if all parts are repeatable false otherwise . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
doubles point checks for infinity if asserts set asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
tests the functionality of the spec method . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
can an order by clause use columns not in the select statement ? spec spec spec asserts 
creates an anonymous user in the background . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a tag for a defined tag constant in the tag s default ifd . spec spec 
returns the ascii characters up to but not including the next r n or n . spec 
applies the provided modifications to an entry using permissive modify semantics . asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
an assumption exception with the given message only . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cleanup after testing . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sort the samples by index if not already . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new synchttpclient . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a network table given a key . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the list of commands for the specified remote control for the specified plugin spec spec asserts 
method to handle qnames asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
ping a container and expect it to return any content . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a asserts object . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method might be used for convenience for slight modifications of the exampleset like adding an attribute . 
removes from the receiver all elements whose index is between from inclusive and to inclusive . asserts 
remove the top frame from the stack . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a fitness function for branch coverage aimed at executing the branch identified by b as defined by 
creates fetch buffer part . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new intersection type signature from the given type signatures . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new assignment with a single var value pair spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
override the gisfeature value . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
compares the test with the test that is given as parameter . spec spec spec spec spec 
set the value of the matrix element at column and row spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get details for a decline event for asserts note in order to maintain backwards compatibility do not change 
returns the contents of path as a byte array . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a circular window that will contain all points within the specified radius . spec spec asserts 
add parameter to this panel . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
clears the panel . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
we need to handle removing the component specially . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
finds a class or interface which is an ancestor of this type asserts spec spec spec asserts 
audits the sip stack for leaks asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
check if mobile network classified g with matching imsi . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes a java object tree to xml and store it to the specified location . spec asserts 
create a new axisrenderer . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
read a cache of omgraphics given a objectinputstream . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parse an int array from a text string . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prints out the usage . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the size of the processor queue . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines if this ticket is still current . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a new task to the queue . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
await the counter to become zero unless interrupted . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
responds to scaling events for a gesture in progress . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculates the approximate size of a text depending on a demo text avoid repeated calls e . g 
makes a copy of the metric instance with new metric name . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if external storage is available for read and write spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
decode single long dimension asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
number of blocks to return . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
setting a criteria for filtering eu . mico . platform . persistence . impl . annotationimpl objects . 
determines whether this type is assignable to the passed type . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test directory move when destination is the root . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets current values to be a scale matrix of given dimensions spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
disables the highlight line to be drawn in dashed mode . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
require authentication or not spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
force to perform gc that is used to re claim asserts objects as well as memory resources managed 
return the element type . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
did the user select apply ? asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
given an index in the range . . . size returns the value from the indexth key value 
test for asserts method assertion set associated message digest asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if left is not inside right string ignore case spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
create a block from a header and transaction list . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
you are not supposed to instantiate this class . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parse a boolean value from a text string asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes the given serializable to the bytebuffer . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
a dummy routine to satisify the abstract interface . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
derived visitor method print list of statements each on a separate line . spec spec spec asserts 
visits this node the result expression the loops and the optional filter . spec asserts spec asserts 
init method always by invoked in application asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find the position for reporting an error about a symbol where that symbol is defined somewhere in the 
contexts gamldefinition returns asserts asserts returns asserts constraint name id spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instructs the file transfer engine to copy the specified file s from the source directory to the destination 
performs the serialization of the given object to bytes and then performs de serialization from those bytes and 
triggers a query to retrieve the child imagedatastoresweeperservice instances in finished state . spec spec spec asserts 
test of setf momentary method of class abstractthrottle . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
don t break the chain use rxjava s compose operator spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the given items to a collection property spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
throw an error . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
encodes a byte array into base notation . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this callback is for paragraph that runs on asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
gets the segment of the polyline that is hit by the given point d . double . 
verifies that a given string matches the token production in rfc spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
addresses can be long asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
split pdf string into array of single character pdf strings . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
appends a string . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes the object using a dedicated serialized form . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test that verifies that there are few limitations on polymorphic base class . spec spec spec asserts 
return whether the given resource location is a url either a special classpath pseudo url or a standard 
retrieve the user account with certain id . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates the designated column with a null value . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
pass in the jamonlistener name asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
test if the double ad is right of ab . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
syncronize pipeline by reading all responses . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is tinting enabled for the system status bar ? asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
retrieves the amount of replicas from which this process accepted a specified value spec spec spec asserts 
write a newline at the end of the document . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
overriding the methods below is required if you want to use listview s asserts . spec asserts 
apply the rotation to a vector . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
whether the captcha stage is enabled . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
compute the dimension of a texture large enough to represent the amount of the contents visible in the 
creates an unmodifiable delete request of the provided request . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compare the contents of two streams to determine if they are equal or not . spec spec 
accept a exception message to describe specific condition . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets up a server state . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tell if one object is greater than the other . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove empty rows from the given trie and return the newly reduced trie . spec spec asserts 
reads an address object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
loads values from java properties file format . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
disposes any password derived information . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
insert given relation asserts articleid into db asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a runtimembeanexception that wraps the actual java . lang . runtimeexception . spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the given extension has a registered mime type . spec spec spec spec spec 
construct new meta builder based on given meta . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a map from integers to strings a e . spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a new node with default order . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes and returns the least element of the priorityqueue in log size time . spec spec spec 
convert an array of bytes into a single string . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the map of field name to offset of a specified schema . spec spec spec asserts 
call asserts method on the specified instance recursively from deepest superclass to actual class . spec asserts 
builds a minimal perfect hash function . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes a charsequence to a file creating the file if it does not exist . spec spec 
checks of the ip falls in the valid range between start and end ip spec . asserts 
returns the natural log of the values in this column after adding to each so that zero values 
inorder traversal from the root asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns true if the specified char subarray is equal to the string . spec spec spec asserts 
bumps an item to the head of the queue until it is removed or until another object is 
user end choice items asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
use reflection to show actual constant for key or return null if no value spec spec asserts 
no object utility class asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
invoke the check method on the deployer . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the secret for contacting to sns . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
unwrap a previously wrapped key . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
make name and alias for target . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
download and install an extension into local file . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct new atomic array part for given base array offset and length . spec spec spec asserts 
creates and enqueues node for current thread and given mode . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert a cookie list into a jsonobject . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the new type node corresponding to the type of the given declaration including the extra dimensions . 
sets the state of the various controls based on the progressinfo object sent from the downloader service . 
scan all storage providers . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test whether the given node is a namespace decl node . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes a binary plist serialization of the given object as the root into a byte array . 
get the optional string value associated with an index . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
reads the next characters from the message into an array and returns the number of characters read . 
notify the listener for each lease asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writedata output this modbus message to dout . asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
returns true if the glyph orientation matches the orientation of the text node to be rendered by this 
simulate an entry delete by triggering asserts method of last registered add listener . spec spec spec 
check that the value is a long asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return a copy of the peernetwork referring to the same network locations . spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests whether this list contains any values . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether prefabricated values are available for the given type . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests notification of events for bridge server in system bridge client process . spec spec spec asserts 
reset the datainputstream to the beginning by closing the current connection and reopening it . spec asserts 
returns the imaginary value . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
string representation of this file comparator . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add an event array to buffer . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the child array to the correct size . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a data indication . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates the beginning of a number in the json input . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a filter that filters files based on a cutoff time . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
close the stream . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
combine constraints for each source with the given constraints . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parse a catalog file augmenting internal data structures . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets federation status as active . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
equivalent to assert o null value asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
return the characteristic type asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the list of all available nodes with the given return type . spec spec spec spec 
return the entry for the given block id . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
read a long value from an inputstream in big endian byte order . spec spec spec asserts 
return the statistics for the expression based on the database internal statistics return if no stats are available 
handle the key typed event from the text field . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test the getbytes method . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether the icon is active . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cast result object to a nodelist . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a rectangle based on an opencv rotated rectangle asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
adds a new keyword . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes to the output stream the eight low order bits of the argument v . the high order 
this method performs the appropriate tasks while in the started state . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
update the global references . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
computes approximative types . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a replication service that will run as a thread internal to the asserts . spec asserts 
inserts the element and returns true if this element caused another element to be dropped from the queue 
creates a tag text field and assigns the string value . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct association remote service . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a unique identifier with the pattern . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clean up when this object is no longer needed asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
assert that a path does not exist asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
assert that there are no records to consume . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
evaluate the absolute value of a single parameter . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
copy values for all massnahmen from one bausteinumsetzung to another . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes an edge from the graph and cleans up all associated resources . spec spec spec asserts 
parse a json data structure from content within a given file . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the text matched by the current regular expression . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convenience call that determines if directories are selectable based on the current file selection mode . asserts 
creates the cache object . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
provides command line syntax information for the execution of the main class function . spec spec asserts 
this is used to get a cached draweritem from the cache or null spec spec spec asserts 
creates a timsort instance to maintain the state of an ongoing sort . spec spec spec asserts 
paints the border of a tabbed pane . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
setup and return the checkbox button specified in the formobject spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether or not the specified data flavor is a string flavor that is supported . spec 
gets the text of the doc comment a . k . a . spec spec spec spec 
returns the cumulative distribution function . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
utility method to run the query on the db and return the value in the first column of 
create a working portable runtime of multibit in a temporary directory . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
boot a user from the channel . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new hessian input stream initialized with an underlying input stream . spec spec spec asserts 
calculate different second long . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the color hue asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invoked when a writable transaction prepares in order to validate its write sets one per isolated index . 
dump the contents of the message prefixed with the given string . spec spec spec spec spec 
construct a new singletontask for the given runnable . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
close the stream . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
implementation for default handler method asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
register a namespace prefix spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
apply a force to the center of mass . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clip path with hardware acceleration only working properly on api level and above . spec spec spec 
convert list of asserts . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the current lexical state . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the floating point value next larger in magnitude . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
extracts the package name from a type descriptor and returns it in dotted form . spec asserts 
sets this vector to the interpolation by changeamnt from beginvec to finalvec this changeamnt beginvec changeamnt finalvec 
returns a point if already exists or creates a new one if not . spec spec spec 
returns a clone of the annotation . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a timestamp with the current date and time and the default format . spec spec asserts 
do method from superclass by name . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
validate the array for asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new action handler for the start button . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
performs debug info encoding . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines whether this ldap name is empty . asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
generates an activation key . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if a mixer is appropriate . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds an event listener for mutations on the cssnavigabledocument tree . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the result is in the form p q i l spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reset the member data . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
make an attributed class instance creation expression . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
inherits values from a parent thread . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
puts a key value pair into the array optimizing for the case where the key is greater than 
creates a new shutdown hook that will stop the directory server when it is determined that the jvm 
add an aggregation definition . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
sorts the specified range of the specified array of chars into ascending numerical order . spec asserts 
given a queryresponse returned by solrserver . query asserts that the start on the doc list matches the 
retrieve user specific zonky api which requires authentication but does not support investment operations . spec asserts 
removes a listener on group file transfer events spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a server given its host and port to this factory . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets subfolder of this github url asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
blacklists an item from the asserts drop table . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns this object identifier . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
performs an insert adding a new row with the given values . spec spec spec spec spec 
is current status refreshing asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
this method will take a asserts and wrap it directly in a asserts . spec spec asserts 
returns the character at position pos from the matched text . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
animates the rendering of the chart on the x axis with the specified animation time . spec 
consolidate documentation text to one string for edit . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the id of the document to delete . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
monitor a preparedstatements methods as well as any resultsets it returns assuming the proper monitoring options are enabled 
prints a message at debug priority . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
constructs a new empty weakidentityhashmap with the given initial capacity and the default load factor which is . 
ensures the truth of an expression involving the state of the calling instance . spec spec spec 
read a file . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts that two objects refer to the same object . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
method creates grid data for label field . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct demographic model with default settings asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates an expression tree with the given scaffolding using the grow initialization method . spec spec asserts 
sets the save localized values flag to true and redirects to initial price model url . asserts 
constructs a new instance with the specified cause . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
puts a new trip asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
request that the given package name will be imported in the javascript runtime . spec spec asserts 
visits the given type specific ast node . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a writableraster with the same size samplemodel and databuffer as this one but with a different location 
obtains the next token from this iteration . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
collapses a remote task pane if it exists spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculates the distance between two points in kilometers . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates new genericpk from existing map spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a transform for writing to text files that s like this one but that uses the given 
starts the animator hasnext will now return true asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
here for others to subclass . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
closes this io instance removing it from cache . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
it creates a chart for the given dataset and adds the chart to the panel . spec 
searches for the markov blanket of the node by the given name . spec spec spec asserts 
removes the set of keys from the set . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
checks whether this preflight request should be handled or if it s invalid . spec spec asserts 
make a jsonexception to signal a syntax error . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
internal method to delete review comments . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
call this if you don t need the asserts anymore . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clears the stack . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a bitmap suitable for the all apps view . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create the text area asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
populate credentials for ipt ws request . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the namespace at the given index of the stack spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether or not the border is opaque . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
derived classes can override to change parsing behavior . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
inserts a sparcearray of parcelable values into the mapping of this bundle replacing any existing value for the 
characters under level who are using a free trial cannot use the account warehouse . spec asserts 
re pack and or re size the table . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a clone of this vector . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether the content of document at position looks like a method declaration header i . e . 
notify the removed entry that is no longer being cached spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates segments using the given table buffer source and storage engine factory . spec spec spec asserts 
returns the html representation of a plain text string which is obtained by converting some special characters like 
deserializes a painter . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when a drawer has settled in a completely closed state . spec spec spec spec spec 
prints the grid to a printstream instance useful for debugging . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get time slot . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
enable disable the joint motor . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
recursively traverse a list of sub paths to find the category or service . spec spec spec 
object should be loaded after basic gui constructed asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the size of the output buffer required for a processbytes plus a dofinal with an input of 
encode the address as a string and return it . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
build a midpoint integrator with given iteration counts . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a comparator that sorts items by newest first . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns hash code for this object which is based on the mbean name generated . spec asserts 
start filtering multicast v packets asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
populates the map with the half closed interval start end where the value is the negation of the 
asserts scans the device screen to check area for the white and area for the transfer button . 
sets the role pricing information for all options of a parameter identified by the parameter key . 
constructs an empty non dominated population using the specified dominance relation . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts object . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
encode a url literal or blank node for inclusion in a sparql query to be sent to the 
create a new cookie manager with specified cookie store and cookie policy . spec spec spec asserts 
shows the progress dialog . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
starts the activation of an application instance . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
translate units territories and other game data objects from one game data into another . spec asserts 
returns a hash code value based on the data values in this object . spec spec asserts 
returns a copy of this object . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
encodes the query parameter using utf and adds it to this url s query string . asserts 
sets the time limit for the query request . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes leading oid . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the manhtattan distance from this muabledouble d to the specified point asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
creates a new account id . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
take a screenshot with the status bar asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
report an attribute type declaration . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clean test folder after each test . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a samza stream object from specified components . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prints a formatted string to standard output using the locale and the specified format string and arguments then 
returns true if this cache has been closed . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
outputs a textual representation of the value of an unknown field . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes the xml document as a raw string asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
println to output . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
start ftp download with specific port user password . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
unregister this draggesturerecognizer s listeners with the component subclasses must override this method spec spec spec asserts 
builds a new asserts using the given keypair for session encryption storing the opaque result in a cookie 
adds a property . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the last element in this vector . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
load exp int b . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
define the default first view of the crossfader asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
unpacks the compressed character translation table . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this provider implements the given algorithm . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
removes the raster . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a chain from its jump position stacksize previous chain and machine state . spec spec asserts 
removes all of the mappings from this map . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicate whether this component scroll is visible asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
returns a copy of this duration with the specified duration in minutes added . spec spec asserts 
you have crafted . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs object from parameters asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
issue the given command to the native daemon and return a single expected response . spec asserts 
returns true iff a key of the given name exists in the format . spec spec asserts 
checks if is complete . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
utility method that commits if the graph supports transactions . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
finds asserts of given type that this stack can encrypt spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sorts the specified range in the array in ascending numerical order . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests if the given object is equal to this type . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a credential object for the bigquery client service using a service account . spec spec spec 
returns the current time or a mocked out equivalent . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the postfix operator corresponding to the given string or null if none . spec spec spec 
creates and returns an instance of signature . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a cf test problem with decision variables . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts has defeated asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
replaces the specified subsequence in this builder with the specified string . asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
the real place to delegate bitmap decoding to bitmapfactory . spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
converts an int array containing an ipv address into a dotted quad string . spec spec asserts 
service routine to look through parameter child elements to find a particular parameter value spec spec asserts 
serialize chars from a string to bytes on an outputstream and flush the outputstream . spec asserts 
gets the contents at the given url . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
request invite link for group asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
sets headers that will be added to all requests this client makes before sending . spec asserts 
gets the value of the asserts property . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the specified column of this cachedrowsetimpl object as a collection object . spec spec spec asserts 
delete file or folder . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ntlm provides authorization on a per connection basis instead of the usual per request basis . spec 
constructs a securityexception with no detail message . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove whitespace from mime containing encoded base data . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
returns a random number from the distribution . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if field getresponse is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise spec asserts 
add the name of an index to those indexes to be verified for asserts . spec asserts 
write a string . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the index where the key is found at or the index of the next empty spot if 
generate the list of relation for the projects spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert string value to instance . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
register a particular icommand class as the handler for a particular inotification . spec spec spec asserts 
create a new config with settings from another one asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method just invokes the test utils method it is here for convenience spec spec spec asserts 
asserts konstruktor asserts er cfml code als zeichenkette asserts werden . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cancels an alarm that stops the podcast service asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates fields for the specified mech asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
add a new datapoint to the dataset . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set up all of the other objects to operate with an nce command station connected to this port 
java . io . inputstream read byte int int swallows ioexception thrown from read so we have to 
if stops write null all stops are written asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
searches the set for val asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true for an abstract method . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads a bit integer and returns it as a signed int . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an encryptedattribute object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
you have removed the paint from . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a subject object from a nameidentifier object and a subjectconfirmation object . spec spec spec asserts 
resets this object to contain a new node taking ownership of the new node . spec asserts 
moves this cachedrowsetimpl object s cursor to the row number specified . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get activity from context object asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes system time milliseconds since january as an ntp time stamp at the given offset in the buffer 
returns whether it has the original start time . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
transfers a file to a group chat with an optional file icon . spec spec spec spec 
removes r from the end of every line . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a score function that will will execute the function scorefunctionbuilder on all documents . spec asserts 
returns a new bufferedimage using the same color model as the image passed as a parameter . 
expands the project tree node that represents the given object . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
closes underlying file get rid of resources and knowledge of file . spec spec spec spec spec 
sets the name of the directshow video decoder filter that s used for mpeg playback windows only 
return the month parameter of long type which is created from yyyy mm string parameter . asserts 
simple and fast toroidal x . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
getmgfparameters method testing . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is tinting enabled for the system status bar ? asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes all of the elements from this set . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the contents of a byte as a string using the default character encoding of the platform . 
no work to do here so always returns authstatus . send success . spec spec spec asserts 
asynchronous transfersubscriptions service request . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the configuration used by this builder . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
retruns ths shared instance of the sprite frame cache asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
behavior of validation is modified by passing in several strings options spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
expects the input to have one of the given symbols at the current parsing position . spec 
throw out the exception s . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
consumes the next token from the json stream and asserts that it is a literal null . 
add extended data to the intent . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the string representation of this object . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert to chart result view asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
on click add server or cancel activity asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
conditionally output a warning and count how many warnings have occurred . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
readobject is called to restore the state of the filepermission from a stream . spec spec asserts 
records the center edges for the given node to the potential match list spec spec spec asserts 
converts a string to an internal type constant . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets configuration containing all needed information for building configuration scripts . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
solve a x b where b is a column vector . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
processes an internal modify operation with the provided information . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a project member . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts for the stack . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a data source object for resolving isilon unmanaged file system locations asserts spec spec spec asserts 
expect the record to fulfill at least one of the specified asserts . spec spec spec spec 
reads a single character from the source string and returns it as an integer with the two higher 
fetch the entries from space that match this table condition spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new linear transformation . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
monadic return function i . e . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculates the spread over the given set of values and normalizes the result as percentage of the average 
predicate predicateexpr asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
removes all the xy series from the list . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
process the event . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an instance of the attachapinotfoundexception class with a reference to the underlying exception causing this exception to 
return whether we believe book has been changed since last run spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes factory information from storage by its id . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the range for both axes . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates the extension object on the base of its encoded form . spec spec spec spec spec 
constructs a new exception with null as its detail message . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether create drop commit an open transaction . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a new print request attribute set initially populated with the given value . spec spec asserts 
prepare the next block in the free block list for use by the free list allocator . 
copies the contents of another pointer coords object . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
verify that the key lies within the key range of an index partition . spec spec spec 
write bytes to output or random access file . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts virtual display creation asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
parses a duration string . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
whichside returns the side at which a point lies on the plane . spec spec spec asserts 
create a new instance . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
notifies all listeners that have registered interest for notification on this event type . spec spec asserts 
no this view is mutable . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
creates a default docknode with a default title bar and layout . spec spec spec spec asserts 
generates a string representation of a java date object . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a function which calculates the length of a nominal value . spec spec spec spec asserts 
creates an asserts . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if one string starts with another string . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
clear all selections in the table . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
format asserts index format . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ensures that serialization returns the unique instances . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
print out low dimensional points so maple can plot them just does low dimension . spec asserts 
creates a asserts record from the given data spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if external storage is writable or not asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the tests included in this test suite . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parses this glob to create an equivalent regular expression that matches the same inputs . spec asserts 
this method just invokes the test utils method it is here for convenience spec spec spec asserts 
a small routine used all over to improve code efficiency make a result map with the message and 
returns class probabilities for an instance . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method will clear the store and create the new empty store asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constucts a wrapper for the given edgelistgraph . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
put authorization request into scope . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new exception with the specified detail message and bean for jax ws exception serialization . 
deserialize a proto after verifying checksum wrapper . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds thousand s separators to the number asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes all shutdown hooks from the system . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
makes this class non instantiable but still let s others inherit from it . spec spec asserts 
append all the bytes from the byte array to this bytearraybuilder . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
dump the contents of the cursor to the system log formatted in a readable way spec spec 
writes a byte array to a file creating the file if it does not exist . spec 
writes a byte to the buffer asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns true if parceluuid is present in asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
profile fields to return . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a new instance of this fragment for the given section number . spec spec spec asserts 
start showing the progress animation . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
serializes this dragsourcecontext . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
add an input filter to the filter library . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
closes the database connection . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
call static method . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
main method for testing this class . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
if the exception is a nullpointerexception or illegalargumentexception wrap it in an invalidobjectexception and throw that otherwise rethrow 
returns c . type information gain for the generated split . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
removes all occurrences in this collection which are contained in the specified collection . spec spec asserts 
returns true if both matrices share common cells . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
assigns the given policies to this object . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
determines and returns the covering radius of this node . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
move the animated element from start position to final position spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests if the given node is a declaration not a instance of a generic type method or field 
tests whether a tree contains a given node . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates and persists a new business object data attribute definition entity . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new create osc in message action . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
fills the specified range in the array with the specified element . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks that if a garbage collection is in progress then the given object is not movable . 
draw the progress spinner asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
substitutes log directory with a custom one . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns a asserts that will create a query by using lucene s spec . spec spec asserts 
return the filename string for the default file including location . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
add a distribution group to the query . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
push a tree changed event into the event stack . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates a publickey instance from a string containing the base encoded public key . spec spec spec 
resets the scanner to read from a new input stream . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
finds the minimum value in the list . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a flag object with the given optionid . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
returns the to object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
read properties stream . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds all the adaptable objects in the given enumeration to this list . spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
code must be one of the constants of this class . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
something has changed in our selection asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
checks whether the producer may be able to produce images of the specified size . spec asserts 
creates a new breakpoint hit reply parser . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
take a copy of the asserts and null out the inline features asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return true if data connection need to be setup after disconnected due to reason . spec spec 
checks if we already returned to the method that marked the first call . spec spec asserts 
nothing to clean . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
distance in kilometers . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
does basic block number master dominate basic block number slave ? spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
encode a map into json text asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
skillcaster recovered num dp by using skillname . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determine the highest supported version of openflow in common between both our spec bitmap and the switch s 
create by param . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add extensions to request ? asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
return the specified power of . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
offset needed to return a specific subset of messages . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new spider svn entries parser . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a time period representing the week in the specified year . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove all nodes from panel . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts that operates on the asserts base directory . spec spec spec spec spec 
returns whether the given integer includes the final modifier . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if clazz extends either directly or indirectly superclass . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
convert two unsigned bytes to one signed int . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a parsing exception with message associated to the i n and the arguments . spec spec 
create menu lock layer . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
function to initialize the views . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs the java dynamic management tm access control list based on ip addresses . asserts spec asserts 
parses command line flags returning true if the parse was successful and no flags errors were found . 
add the rdfs prefix to the query . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
packs the components of this color into a bit int and returns it as a float . 
creates a new exception object . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
search longest common prefix . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
discretizes the edge stream into asserts windows of the specified size . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
loads the given url with the specified additional http headers . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
draws an outline of the polygon . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates and persists a new storage unit entity . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the underlying os supports numeric badges on icons . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
attempts to send an accessreject message to the client . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a unixterminal using a specified input stream output stream and character set with a custom size querier 
c a b asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new compact mutable string copying a given charsequence . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
receives an cloudlet to be executed in the vm managed by this scheduler . spec spec asserts 
converts headers to map . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
appends styled text to the rtf document being generated . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
paints view load progress onto a graphics canvas . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
java . util . collections fill java . util . list java . lang . object asserts 
check strictly user permissions on a specific field and entity . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
considering each bucket in turn attempt to add the buckets to a line minimising the number of lines 
test if sound is loaded call with id from r . raw spec spec spec spec asserts 
copy file or directory to the specified destination . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
action to be performed asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
check whether offheap cache with byte array entry works correctly in optimistic transaction . spec spec asserts 
returns a size factor for the map for the specific eviction strategy of this cache . spec 
invoke heapify down for the root object . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
replaces all the occurrences of variables within the given source builder with their matching values from the resolver 
returns true if field asserts is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise spec asserts 
creates a new asserts which selectively intercepts ack instructions . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
create a stringbody from the specified text and character set . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check to see if the user has stored a lock pattern . spec spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts creature . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
saves the state to a stream that is serializes it . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove a string from the document and then parse it if the parser has been set . 
indicates that the snackbar was shown made visible . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an immutable list containing the given elements in order . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
forward a message to the listeners e . g . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tells if the given symbol is annotated with one of the given annotation type names . spec 
parse gmt time to long asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
destroys listeners to stop being notified of any updates . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reload the current main frame . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
imports a style sheet from url . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a hash code value for this x issuerserial . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a deep copy of the receiver . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
writes a character sequence such as a string to an appendable object from the given supplier . 
initializes this instance with the specified key store and password . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
make sure views are touching the top or bottom edge as appropriate for our gravity spec asserts 
true if this cfs contains secondary index data asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
perform an asynchronous crop request . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes and returns a python interpreter asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
displays a confirmation message dialog . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the given identifier is a sql keyword reserved or non reserved . spec spec 
construct a new case sensitive wildcard filter for a single wildcard . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
retrieves a system property or null if any of the following exceptions occur warning exception messages are suppressed 
creates a new factory and sets the thread group to asserts default group . spec spec spec 
opens a new or recycled connection to the http server . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
locate the first occurrence of a tag with the given namespace key and index spec spec spec 
returns an array of all values defined in this class . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove the eldest entries until the total of remaining entries is at or below the requested size . 
pass in the selection . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
create a new file if the file exists delete and create again . spec spec spec spec 
creates a new action object . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compares the results of the control and cloud clients . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a persistent cookie store . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
notify that log file has been rotated for provided log . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
instantiates a digest used to compute whether the member that creates the digest is in a primary group 
join row from table and table . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create singleton template for use with dictionary values . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
equivalent to lt servlet gt lt servlet name gt lt servlet class gt . spec spec asserts 
appends the length byte gap to the end of the bytecode sequence . spec spec spec asserts 
provides serialization support . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a period to this one by adding each field in turn . spec spec spec asserts 
hash a byte and long seed . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes a vetoablechangelistener . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
override this method if you need to bind view asserts for insertions viewtype spec spec spec asserts 
create a new normalization model . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
update the decoder type bits in stat d d d spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new scanner that produces values scanned from the specified channel . spec spec spec asserts 
register to receive notification of repository creation and disposal asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
commits outstanding model states . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns the number of milliseconds between reference times for two timers . spec spec spec spec spec 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
returns a asserts that will be returned to the specified recipient . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this is used during deserialization . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
add a profile . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert an integer into an eight digit hex string . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a list of matching languages tags using the basic filtering mechanism defined in rfc . spec 
visitor method translate a list of case parts of switch statements . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
contexts n enumdeclaration returns n enumdeclaration n enumdeclaration returns n enumdeclaration constraint declaredmodifiers n modifier name bindingidentifier ? 
generates a private key object from the provided key specification key material . spec spec spec spec 
reads a dword value from a buffered input stream . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
performs the training of the distribution model . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
processes events on this text component . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
does nothing output to dev null . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a delegate file filter around an existing filefilter . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a data set with the given number of rows cases and the given list of variables . 
create intarraycompressed from ints representing the data to be stored in compressed form . spec spec asserts 
create a new asserts based around the given gdstype . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
stops any currently running download . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return whether the android back button is overridden by the user . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find the fields constant that matches fieldid throwing an exception if it is not found . asserts 
this will divide the blocks of a node to tasks of the node . spec spec asserts 
convenience method to park and then check if interrupted asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates the greyness of sub tree starting at path . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
throw an exception if the object is a nan or infinite number . spec spec spec asserts 
initialize a cluster config using a list of nodes asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts headers array to map asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
makes the object immutable asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
constructs a matrix view with the given parameters . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method is called by the default inspector to filter new values set by the user . 
third step determine the values for p and l asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an infobar with an icon a message and a close button . spec spec spec spec 
creates an empty service request buffer . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test authorize does random declines asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
joins a collection of values into a delimited list . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
indicates if the listmodel currently has multiple selections . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an imageicon from the specified url . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
destroy the view . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method initializes this asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
retrieves a page of account info requests from the given optional start date . spec spec asserts 
deserialize the asserts if feasible . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add static deployables to the configuration . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
empty out the cache . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return the length of the bom s bytes . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
appends another fast buffer to this one . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asynchronously capture the minimum value in this stream using the provided function asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
wait before sending next poll . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an asserts with the single values inside the collection spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes a string to a file creating the file if it does not exist . spec spec 
xtn is ending asserts commit lock fifo lock if fifo entries in xtn spec spec spec asserts 
return a new anonymous variable this is overridden by some unit tests in order to have spec variable 
increment a java . sql . date by one day . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
copy the template contents into the result tree . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the current number of buffered queries . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
callback for the dnd listener asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get a cryptographically secure pseudo random long value . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when the user has cancelled a swipe most likely if they have dragged their finger back to 
create a asserts with the same settings as the source . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
should the module be loaded on application startup . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert array of values to a asserts . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an asn inputstream where no der object will be longer than limit and constructed objects such as 
resizes the data to the given dimensions . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new tool . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
init configurations defined in xml asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generate the load constant bytecode for the given integer . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tries to decrement readeroverflow . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
applies the procedure to each value in the list in descending back to front order . asserts 
create a new filter editor exception with the specified message and cause . spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new exception with the specified detail message and bean for jax ws exception serialization . 
caches asserts s from all asserts instances in the schema spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this set contains the specified element . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new request session . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
changes wallet encryption password this is atomic operation . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
copy help file contents to the current output . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds ps command arguments to this parameters . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
encodes this object to an outputstream . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
initialization of the servlet . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
insert at the end of the list asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines whether the authorization code has been issued . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return true if the sequence number is greater than or equal to what we are seeking . 
returns the index of the first occurrence of the specified element in this list or if this list 
writes the specified byte to this output stream . asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
this menu item listens to the status of its layer . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
barrier for loads of ints from fields of arrays i . e . spec spec spec asserts 
returns true iff either node symbol or node is an asserts or spec whose source equals symbol . 
check if this targattrfilters object is applicable to the specified target match context . spec spec asserts 
creates a synthetic request for clearing the cache . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the index into s of the first character after limit septets have been reached starting at index 
ensures that the bitset can hold enough words . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if named value is multivalued . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert asserts frequencies into lpc coefficients . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes all of the elements from this deque . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tell if the table contains the given node . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if attribute is nominal asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove a field from the document asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a copy of this formatter with a new decimalstyle . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes principal components and performs the analysis asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct an exception with a nested inner exception asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
mousemoved final function . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts methods . . . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
read the next start end or character tag . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
add a natural cross join asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
a heavy weight lock to handle extreme contention and wait notify synchronization . spec spec spec asserts 
returns the first foo in the ordered set where uuid . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new range with the specified start index and number of items . spec spec spec 
converts volume size from bytes to gb . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sort files by vcs root asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is last invoice costing method asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct an element for built in javascript components . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes this analyzer . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns the contents of the cell at rownumber as a byte spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the century of era property . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new exception with the specified detail message and bean for jax ws exception serialization . 
visits a local variable instruction . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
constructs an instance set to the milliseconds from t z using isochronology in the default time zone . 
creates a sample chart . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
internal method for updating the linkage of this graph . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts that two floats are not equal concerning a delta . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
see the general contract of the skip method of inputstream . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether this view is currently displaying its own title . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calls the object represented by this using lua function asserts . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs oozie job on an existing emr cluster . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
constructs a queuestatus with the given flags initially set . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
given a list of actions builds a n ary tree representing the context menu spec spec spec 
creates a new uninitialized asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reset keys which also resets non key columns and unique keys . spec spec spec spec spec 
main driver for the post dominator calculation . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds an element to the element . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new annotationformaterror with the specified detail message . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the peer server is now down . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sums all the given items . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
stop this connector . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
invokes the closure for each descendant file in this directory . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used for debugging . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
deletes given instance from given bag . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return whether this property is required . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns an enumeration describing the available options . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the preference to execute the search . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the largest key in this symbol table . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance with the default thread local cache size . spec spec spec spec spec 
returns true if this gui should pause the game when it is displayed in single player asserts 
constructs the new bounding box using the given minimum and maximum vector . spec spec spec asserts 
release idle outbound connections to reduce demand on i o resources . asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
disables gzip compressing enabled by default spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove property change listener spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clean the migration of data . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes a string to the bytes message stream using utf encoding in a machine independent manner . 
parse for a function asserts identifier ? asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
this method will be invoked from membershiplistener which is registered when the member becomes a management node . 
terminates the application stopping any running tasks . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clear this session id asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
removes all key value mappings from this longsparsearray . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
suspends encoding of the stream . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set the baud rate . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
activates a progress spinner on the ui . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
notification of end of array field . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
executes a xenon query which will query for documents of type t . any other filter clauses are 
get the java . lang . string . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets wrapped map . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
callers must be synchronized on this asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new dummy account for the sync adapter asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
hides the card returns false if the card could not be hidden . spec spec spec asserts 
cannot be instantiated . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a base inputstream . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines the height of this view asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a new component object . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
print the date in the form yyyy mm dd hh mm ss . n . spec spec 
construct a asserts object to take norms of the given type spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string representation of this topic . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a new metric to the metric group . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
logic that was previously located in the relaxnode . . . method . spec spec spec asserts 
initialize the view of the listener asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a new instance of assertion . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
creates a new syntax scheme defaulting to black foreground no background and no styling . spec asserts 
extracts input variables with matrix data type and stores references to corresponding matrix objects in spec . 
validates copied s files per list of expected storage files . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
do a step inside the hive . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new trigger definition from the given data . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a signature to this transaction . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
the original text will be cleaned from the line breaks . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
initialize empty queue . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
encodes binary data using the base algorithm but does not chunk the output . spec spec spec 
a debugging string for the chronology . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write a rectangle in the response . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
prepares classname for loading respecting the arrays . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true since this imageinputstream caches data in order to allow seeking backwards . spec spec asserts 
create a pub sub subscription . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this user is a channel moderator . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if arc identifies a scalar object . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes a buffer to the underlying stream . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new validator which allows to validate texts to ensure that they only contain letters or numbers 
return string show file size . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if vitamio is initialized at this device asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
return whether some error has been registered . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tries to acquire the lock on the domain within a given amount of time . spec asserts 
generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compute the hash of the given value . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the implementation for pushmessageasync function . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cast a char value to a char value do nothing spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set to true to allow indices with unavailable shards to be partially snapshotted . spec spec asserts 
string representation of this file comparator . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
equals between properties . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if the entity has a certain status . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
union this clip with another region . spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns statistics over a dataset containing the given values . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
finds the smallest delay expiration setting of an unassigned shard . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create the file h android . jar . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new internal node for a given instance point p . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
save the minimal set of data necessary to recreate the search spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
stores the peer and performs new commands . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add the supplied vector to this one . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
enqueue a message to be written once handshaking is complete . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
agrega un nuevo documento a la lista . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
warning this is an i o operation and this method is going to be performed in a different 
calls the server endpoint to create groups for the specified registrar client id . spec spec asserts 
visits an annotation of this method . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
completely removes legion from database and cache asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates channel from connection and channel id asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds an input that points to the given output and contains a valid signature for it calculated using 
c asserts turnouts do support inversion asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
changes the date display asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
analyzes a asserts to determine if it can function as a pixelinterleavedsamplemodel . spec spec spec asserts 
returns current index of inner int array chunk . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
search query string . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a point to this cluster . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets whether to exclude properties that do not support the target version from the written vcard . 
modifies this list by inserting all of the elements in the specified array into the list at the 
expands the compressed data . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
clear the last received headers . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an image from a given byte array data asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get git time unix time basing on the date object spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
insert default root tenant asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
writes the asserts to the database asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
enables the button . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is federated namespace implementation enabled . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the given mouseevent code was clicked . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
constructs an empty non dominated population using the specified dominance relation . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
read until the next char is c and return the string . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new benchmark sample . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
closes stream associated with current thread . spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new asserts instance to manage the specified asserts . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
send a what a terrible failure log message and log the exception . spec spec spec asserts 
returns the length of the array . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert a string to a bigdecimal . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a flag that controls whether or not change events are sent to registered listeners . spec 
loads an image . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
read a resource from the class path . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
overridden hash code implementation . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
intellij inserts an identifier string at the caret position during code completion . spec spec spec asserts 
returns the image . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a asserts with the specified cause and a detail message of cause null ? spec asserts 
function to perform lu decomposition on a given matrix . spec asserts asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
return if some flow constraint not met otherwise return the max flow . spec spec spec asserts 
create a boolean property definition builder . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the values in the order specified asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write a portion of an array of characters . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find an atom . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
extends the constraint set with extra type class . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
upon close this reads the remainder of the chunked message leaving the underlying socket at a position to 
returns the string representing the object . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gzip compress a string of bytes asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
path to use for sourcepath . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a value to the millis value . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a simple attribute which is not part of a series and does not provide a unit string 
always for an empty range . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
returns a new uninitialized instance of this object s class . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines whether a pair of samrecord matches this filter asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
stops the evaluation if possible . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
moves the current position to before the first row that means resets the result set . asserts 
outside envelope using asserts method . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
constructs an integer list parameter asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the asserts for the usertimeline . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
security server header spec spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
notifies all listeners that have registered interest for notification on this event type . spec spec asserts 
returns a map of participant to the access rules for that participant for the given vm libraries and 
handle an unexpected exception . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
convert the given dashed string e . g . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if local install config failed . spec asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get an iterator over all node ids node table row numbers . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
wait until this service has shutdown . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the execution of a task . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return true if the given component is likely to be a container such the each component within the 
delete file system snapshot spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
beancontextmembership interface method . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
debug log message . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
factory for creating excluded results . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the put method used by readobject . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates and persists a new file type entity . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
determine the common prefix of two strings asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ambiguous syntax ? asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of singleton . spec spec spec asserts 
creates instance which outputs are initiated with provided initial values spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert byte into char we treat char as uint asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert energy from linear scale to db spl scale comparing asserts to the minimum spec energy one pascal 
appends an element to short array . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the next node in the iteration . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checked s . equals s asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check whether the durable write is enabled . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write a varint value is treated as an unsigned value . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
does the operand represent a divide by zero check ? spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invert filter for a square part of the image asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts a integer followed by a unit name into an object . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculate the index into internal arrays for the given coordinates . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
file names filter . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if this type is assignable from the given class object . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if a given network interface is interesting for us . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the extra field for the contact phone number type . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a managedthread with no target . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create or retrieve a blobstore at this directory . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks the format . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
commits this edit so it is visible to readers . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
provides the file type s name as the string representation of the file type . spec spec 
adds by multiple threads produce correct sum spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
call this method when new offer is needed asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks to see if the file can be written to . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
function to process each incoming tuple . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
asserts signed digit left to right . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns a decoding exception suitable for use when an unsupported ldap message is received . spec asserts 
checks whether this is a switch for the given package . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
change elements to uri asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
flush the output stream . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of eobject . spec spec spec asserts 
updatefunctionalitytest testupdate . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
raise an io exception for asyncrhonous retransmission of responses asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an empty xorpredicate . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks to see if the file replication change is supported . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates new asserts with given capacity and load factor . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
compute the product of this polynomial and the given factor using a spec like scheme . asserts 
creates appropriate task from current task info . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
this method will be called when a list item is pinned spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new hardware manager that is based on camera api if available . spec spec asserts 
atomically return and remove the first lpop or last rpop element of the list . spec spec 
called when spec is about to be shown . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
retrieves the number of attribute type value pairs in this rdn . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
creates an instance of the http client for this request forwarder . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return an element from a specified elementtype . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invoked when the component s size changes . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an instance s attribute value in internal format . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
deletes the virtual volume and leaves the underlying structure intact . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
finds a host bus adapter in the collection by asserts port wwn . spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if and only if length is . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
display the program help and exits asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
this method resets the outgoing events . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
unselects all nodes of a given graph that are tagged with a given tag . spec spec 
ic asserts recipe . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
this method is invoked to signify that the drag and drop operation is complete . spec asserts 
get the src code which maps to the given spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
delays dispatching of keyevents until the specified component becomes the focus owner . spec spec spec asserts 
prints the content of the memory to stdout . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
we only rebuild the journal when it will halve the size of the journal and eliminate at least 
converts an array of object bytes to primitives . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this virtuallocalfile object is a directory . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts a y co ordinate to a line index . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
send text message . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a new operation rejected exception with the provided message . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
processes demodulated audio samples into audio packets with current audio metadata and sends to the registered listener 
subtracts the values of the parameter quaternion from those of this quaternion . spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if arc identifies a table object . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
paints the border of the thumb of a slider . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
decode and sample down a bitmap from resources to the requested width and height . spec asserts 
a key was pressed down and not handled by anything else in the window . spec asserts 
registers components needed by the configuration to the spring container . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts the header into a string spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method adds element only if it is not added yet . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
perform an asynchronous min operation asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generates a simple exemplar of this class to test serialization . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parses the given reader . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds semantic checks to the default deserialization method . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets input stream . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs a new exception with the specified detail message . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an iterator over the values of this record . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
main method for testing this class . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
stops publishing to the rs the current timestamp used in this server . spec asserts spec asserts 
starts interactive mode on the given freetts . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets whether the effect is a primary beacon effect . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes any values in the set which are not contained in array . spec spec spec asserts 
you are not supposed to instantiate this class . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compares the message bytes to the specified string object . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
looks at the object at the position the stack counting down n items . spec spec asserts 
records that a graphics operation was performed in this case with an image so that d hardware acceleration 
shortcut for creating an array of t . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes a zoom listener . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts set a instance field of type object asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds provider s addresses . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parses the passed string to determine if it s literal or not spec spec spec spec spec 
implement the parcelable interface asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance that will operate on application s installation . spec spec spec spec spec 
be sure that the connection is alive . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a stringgeneratorbuilder which will build strings composed from all defined code points spec spec spec asserts 
check if dbsvc geodbsvc beacon is good or not asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
mark node as being asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
packages and task stack asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
turns an expression into a asserts intended literal . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the square of the vector s length . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ensure that all client connections are active asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct the scripted condition from the given script . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a singleton list . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new text world action with the specified workspace . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cast a byte value to his cfml reference type integer spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parses the password file to read the credentials . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a sql condition to the where clause joined using and . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
publishes a record . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculates the dot product or scalar product of this vector with the vector v . spec asserts 
produce a string from a number . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
deletes image sharing with a given contact from history and abort reject any associated ongoing session if such 
creates a new instance of a volatilesurfacemanager given any arbitrary sunvolatileimage . spec spec spec spec spec 
returns true if value is between the min max . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
methods that takes care of pruning and re adding an action to the dynamic action list . 
returns a hash code for this instance . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiate a sensor reader class asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the container setup as string . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new network response . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
appends the text representation of the given modifier flags followed by a single space . spec spec 
start the expiration timer for a given contact asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
is this a critical command that can only be executed when no other command is running ? 
enumerate the nodes in no particular order asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
flip the keys and values of the multimap . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
true if at least one source and one target neuron are selected . spec spec spec spec 
transcode file to pdf . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if there is a baseline for the specified row . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prepare e . g . get parameters . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
save the non pair rdd to geode key value store . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines if the caret is currently active . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an smsmessage from an sms ef record . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method is invoked whenever the entry is removed from the table . spec spec spec asserts 
disconnects from the api asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
performs a mini batch update of the network using the given input and output pairs spec asserts 
returns whether popup is allowed to be shown above the task bar . spec spec spec asserts 
receives notification of the end of the document . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check whether a path should be included . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this adds a property descriptor for the library feature . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method is called when executing this application from the command line . spec spec spec asserts 
set click event of current element to given one may be null . spec spec spec spec 
synchronous ad blockers detection this is blocking and should be called in a separated thread . asserts 
demonstrates the cloud logging api by listing the logs in a project . spec spec spec spec 
signed int order comparison asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
adds all images associated with the hex to the specified tracker spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called when an execution is successful . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
expose the activity to dependents in the graph . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts datatype . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create and add the step label . spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
build a new graph with the given node as the root node asserts spec spec spec asserts 
dispatches the prepare transition event to suitable views . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an instance of the associated element type . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
create a new transformer object that performs a copy of the source to the result . asserts 
this adds a listener . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
util method to write an attribute with the ns prefix spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the results of a view . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether the current entry has a specific object class . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
test the connection . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes a uint in wsp format to the given output stream . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a handler to the registry . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the specified power of . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
computes the inverse of a zutmat . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
counts the amount of ch at the start of this line ignoring spaces . spec spec asserts 
removes all keys and values from this solution s attributes . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new vcard reader . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return a statement if a valid statement could be constructed for that statement pattern and this solution . 
initialize the raster program . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
visits the maximum stack size and the maximum number of local variables of the method . spec 
creates a new instance with the given runnable and thread . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
creates a new id v datatype . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a collection of all of the . class files in the given list of files and directories 
destroy all the oplogs that are . the oldest based on smallest oplog id . empty have no 
returns whether it has the batch operation . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the hashcode of this elliptic curve . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
insert a directed edge in the list asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
validate the syntax of a proposed lt url pattern gt for conformance with specification requirements . spec 
returns the difference between the current output and the reference version . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of pspecified with the specified parameter p . spec spec spec spec spec 
always returns false since the rdf value is not inline . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the result of interpreting the object as an instance of state switch . spec spec asserts 
make the context read only . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the square of the euclidean distance between this point and that point . spec spec asserts 
returns the previous counter if any for the conflatable object spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
executing the trip conversion . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns an array containing all of the elements in the specified collection . spec spec spec asserts 
send an info log message asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
description of the method spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reverses alignment in the case of bidi asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
opens the underlying connection . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines if at least one copy has been completed successfully . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
parse a byte sequence as a list of ad structures . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string that corresponds to the given time . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
when press back button show folders if view is displaying images spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
split a given text into strings asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts dialog . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
validates a given list of select statements which can be one of the following select select from from 
clear this tupleset calling clear on all contained tupleset instances . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
trims the given array to the given length . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
update button status and dialog status spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates one new media file information fetcher task for all files better to submit one file after another 
define a ondrawerlistener for this drawer asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
for internal use only . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a public key from its binary representation and telling if it is compressed spec spec asserts 
send capture event to the asserts singleton . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
attempt to rewrite a move instruction to a nop . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an ntsiddomainprincipal with a windows nt sid . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ensures that the directory server is running . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
is the command currently applicable ? asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
outputs all data to parameter specified writer object asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
create an exception with a code a message and a causal throwable . spec spec spec asserts 
updates transitive a b c delivery predictions . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tries to determine the appropriate file format based on the a mime type that describes the content type 
instantiates version information . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert long array to long array asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
marks all posts in the group as read . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
computes the successor of a char value . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
shows a message in the android status bar . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clear all pool . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get a string representation spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
logical nor is a logical function . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
shows a asserts to send a request . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new row for the table with a specified value . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
renders suitably for logging . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
delete the pet by id . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates a column in the current or insert row . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
draws the y labels on the specified x position asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the external representation of internal . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an eofexception with null as its error detail message . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
description of the method spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new asserts with a configurable number of pitch periods per frame and pitch periods to shift 
this method indicates whether this is an interaction based node . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
prepare na strings so that they can be sent to workers via jobconf . spec spec asserts 
helper method that returns true if the runnable managed by this factory should be spec of doing asserts 
adds a mapping from a single string native to a single dataflavor . spec spec spec asserts 
deserialize log segment sequence number for bytes data . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove a value number pair from this cell . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new asserts using the given underlying input output stream pair . spec spec spec asserts 
reload the current page asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
replaces the primary annotations of lub with the lub of the primary annotations of type and type . 
find method by return value asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
verifies a certificate chain against a keystore for the current date . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if we have status bar spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs the thread factory . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the blob entry spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
checks whether underlying platform supports extended asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
schedule a fade message for later . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
step merge especially useful in scatter gather scenarios . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
initialize the engine . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a spec used to create the vm . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
configures the current converter . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new unregister repository request with the provided name . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
make a prettyprinted json text of this jsonobject . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
push a slot on the locations stack so that asserts can be repeatedly called . spec asserts 
returns a random string of numbers and letters lower and upper case of the specified length . 
called before the request is executed using the underlying httpclient . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the tip text for this property asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
answers if there is an element in this queue equals to the object . spec spec asserts 
offset needed to return a specific subset of locations . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method to handle delete button asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a raw parameter of the given type with an expected index . spec spec spec spec 
test that a manifest without an activity with a launcher intent reports an error . spec asserts 
util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
retrieve a asserts bundle from a specified file asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
shutdown the protocol . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
notify the country change . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create the panel with the supplied property editor optionally ignoring any custom panel the editor can provide . 
figure out vertical placement based on mgravity . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs a serverexception with the specified detail message and nested exception . asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
cleans up any state after editing has completed . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests if this string starts with the specified prefix beginning a specified index . spec spec spec 
suspends the update manager . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
reads column names from header skipping any for which the type skip asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new transformerexception . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes an existing animation canceling it if it was in progress . spec spec spec spec spec 
attention this class is not intended to create objects from it . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance of the specified java content interface . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculates the time that should be between two phases that overlap in time spec spec spec asserts 
finds the first occurrence of given value in an array from specified given position . spec asserts 
parses a pps nal unit using the syntax defined in asserts t recommendation h . subsection . . 
validates the storage unit notification actions . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
broadcast a shield frame to all connected devices on their pins . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used by super class to log the attribute s contents when packet logging is enabled . asserts 
the lookup contains the key asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
we check whether we need to remove the top level folder while extracting sometimes e . g . 
returns a new security instance asserts for a device management server . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the standard deviation of a tuple data value . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
add a key to the list . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of this certificate mapper . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
create a new configuration . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a location services geofence object from a asserts . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
same as asserts but the coordinates are considered relative to the last point on this contour . 
parses the information for a logger . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ensures every asserts has its asserts that is not null when the calling code did not already supply 
parses the provided command line arguments and uses that information to run the java properties tool . 
render a string representation of this object . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check for network connection . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
gets the base model id . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compareto biginteger a . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove any message destination reference with the specified name . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
execute shell command default return result msg asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
internal certain key mappings favor different types of selection query . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
the asserts is asserts if it is not null . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets wrapped key . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
allow asserts to appear after custom symbol asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
wait s for page not exists in site admin grid . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ensures that the external array tmp has at least the specified number of elements increasing its size if 
is the command currently applicable ? asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create new downloader that uses okhttp . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write the class file to the outputstream . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
anglebetween returns in radians the angle required to rotate a ray represented by this vector to lie colinear 
disable to create an instance of asserts . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method to handle qnames asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns true if the service is a private api spec api or on sandbox . spec . com 
force all open activity to recreate asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
always returns false since this state machine can never become final . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
equivalent to long . tostring l . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tell if this object contains a java string object . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parse and prepare the given sql statement . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether it has the flag indicating whether response contains sampled data . spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new exception with the specified detail message cause and bean for jax ws exception serialization . 
type of notifications to return asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resolves and returns the binding for the anonymous class declared in this declaration . spec spec asserts 
prints a message at verbose priority . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
construct the instance of the job store . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new sparse matrix asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
constructs a new facebookgraphobjectexception . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the throwable is an instance of retrofiterror with an http status code equals to the 
tests whether this node marks the end of a word or not . spec spec spec asserts 
move to a different id meaning add a new named map to proxy which can be spec off 
sort the full array using the given comparator . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
start the split brain controller which controls the collision of or more active services . spec spec 
decodes a url safe object into its original form . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
notifies the registered restore task listeners that the server has completed processing on a restore task with the 
factory method that should only be called from unit tests where seed value should remain the same . 
a specialized close that will also abort the current read write transaction . spec spec spec asserts 
adds a listener to be notified when this column changes spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
atomically adds extension or returns an existing extension if there is one with the same id already present 
overridden for the ruleindividual genotype . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds an accessor for this bank . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the cipher suites allowed on client connections to the proxy . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a asserts with false values for the asserts and asserts flags . spec spec spec asserts 
change the rectangle according the specified margins . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the given listener from the collection of listeners who will be notified when the control is selected 
divide and conquer brownian bridge asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
change a specific subset of the buffer s data at the given offset to the given length . 
returns true if the state is invalid . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
build a asserts object from a the given socket connection and applies socket specific settings set in asserts 
make a fresh jsonwriter . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
join the game . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests if this input stream supports the mark and reset methods . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
converts a asserts to a template . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
evaluates the given script . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct new textcomponent with given extra components and text set to empty string . spec spec asserts 
deletes a nat rule associated with the logical router . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns itself since it is a good enough trampolined variant of the current closure . spec spec 
construct and returns a new empty matrix of the same dynamic type as the receiver having the specified 
convert list of asserts . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
refreshes the cached cluster information asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of this test case class . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
initializes an extensionprofile based upon the extensions expected by a asserts . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write all modified scenes into . asserts files . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
lambda expr lambda params lambda expr cmp expr asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
closes all given closeables suppressing all thrown exceptions . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes from this set all of its elements that are contained in the specified collection . asserts 
returns the value used to code a missing value . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
we have to assume all possible classes will be returned . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
load method information from xml to memory . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the nsobject stored for the given key . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
find first deferred event matching a predicate . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
java . security . spec . asserts asserts assertion null if not specified spec spec spec spec 
get all splits in a new list asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check client trusted . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
dump the report to a printer . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new kmeans instance . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the timer for sending refresh notifications . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the number of observers of this observable object . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
abstract protected helper method to write subclass entity data to nbt . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert from an object to a reference . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
update this alive timer . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
adds a one way connection to the map . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
notify our observers of a change in the data activity state of the interface spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
determines is this ticket is a proxy ticket . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
replace all instances of the node representing the asserts name with the full expression . spec asserts 
determines if message is ipl identity report with rf as slave device asserts spec spec spec asserts 
implement in your project bundle files into a zip file . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used by the whitebox gui to tell if this plugin is still running . spec spec asserts 
this methods checks whether a given attribute is present for a set of elements asserts spec asserts 
creates a new asserts object . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert query arguments to asserts if binary marshaller used . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
does actual resolution of resolve . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct a new asserts and set instance variables asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests whether a single context param is correctly merged into an empty descriptor . spec spec asserts 
creates a map of the provided size or any size it likes if any size is passed in 
number of target corpus positions . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a new entry in the key table . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove the node element at index index of the list . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds an animation object to show using this timeline asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
default test class when nothing specified by annotation spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
performs a click at the center of the visible bounds of the ui element represented by this uiobject 
returns a hash code for this instance . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs asserts from a asserts domain object asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
not part of the interface used on tests only spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
a new class has been loaded . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs the bottom half of a wooden door of the given species facing the specified direction and set 
sets whether loaded image will be cached in memory asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new monotonechain instance . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes a point from the tree and optionally tries to release memory by reducing now empty sub branches 
usage java asserts threaddump . txt asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
does the asserts have the import statement ? asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the adaptor . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the action for this button . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates an idquery using the specified type id and query result type . spec spec spec asserts 
modifica un tipo de documento vital . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
pends the specified property changes . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
renders the beginning boundary comment string . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test getting a static variable of a sibling class . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if both sets have the same bits set spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
generate the random byte to be sent asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert an host byte order long to byte array in network byte order . spec spec asserts 
expects the stream to start with a asserts in hex with optional comments after a semicolon . 
applies the appropriate default rules for the mm param based on the effective value of the q . 
clears messages from queue asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
loads saved playlists or creates some predefined ones spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
include all tests in the given packages and all their sub packages unless otherwise specified . asserts 
sets the settings and mappings as a single source . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
private helper function that performs some assignability checks for the provided genericarraytype . spec asserts spec asserts 
get activate activate the registered user . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
if the next character in the request is a tries to read a flag list argument from the 
callbacks for asserts button bar asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
adds the given printstream to the list of streams with no prefix . spec spec spec spec 
get the size of the header of this list . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
test if the given string starts with the specified prefix ignoring upper lower case . spec spec 
delete the specified cluster . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
tests that observations are updated in the ui when patient details fetched . spec spec spec asserts 
append to the tostring a long value . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cleanup the whole junit scenario deletes the created git repository . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
registers the given event to the specified listener using a directly passed eventexecutor spec spec spec asserts 
adds the imports used in the implementation of paged list response factories . spec spec spec spec 
gets the edge around the right face ccw before this edge . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert a level index back to a level . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add this cp to the list of interfaces supposedly implemented by this class . spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
returns a bunch of single values for fractional include configuration attribute spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new dot instance . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the sourceinfo object that describes the source of the function . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes all cancelled tasks from this timer s task queue . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a standard help menu including window specific help item . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
appends the given user agent information to the asserts field . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a glyphmetrics object . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the doget method of the servlet . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
stores the relationship between a sessioninfo and its encrypted jwt . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method is called when a start operation is performed for the current service instance . spec 
creates an esrilayer that will be configured through the setproperties method spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
optionally prints the help message . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
writes a data block to the rawdata vector . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
wrapper for backend delete commands . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called for each modified deleted file asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
utility method for viewing the results of a command . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the number attribute of the util class asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
returns whether it has the billing information . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
hides the error message view and reloads the web page if it wasn t already loaded asserts 
compares this list to another list value by value . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
shutdown the embedded kafka server . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a lowered etched border with the specified highlight and shadow colors . spec spec spec spec 
indent out write string . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
goes to the next opcode . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return a string in the rfc format . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a short array to the filter . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets the state of the ui controls to match our internal state . spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
street address of the location e . g . elm street . spec spec spec spec spec 
p asserts and supposed to be . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
remove retrying failed test cases from skipped test cases . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asks display d to update itself next iteration regardless of the current redrawing updating rule . asserts 
only api methods are exposed . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
external allocation slow path called by superclass when slow path is actually taken . spec spec spec 
register a module that is used by the asserts program . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
serialize a java object into a yaml string . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
builds and shows the dialog in case it is not updated spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prepare a tuple select query . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a deep copy of the receiver . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
run just this test . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ensures that the necessary amount of asserts native ads are available . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
register that the peek promo was seen . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write a variable size long . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parses the arguments . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
executes the request . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if field queuesize is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise spec asserts 
implements the abstract method simulatemethod . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a row block that has no underlying space asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
note on the system . asserts call the main method of the spec class initializes a securitymanager to 
creates an instance associated with the specified listener . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
tests if the connection is locked . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns base encoded source id based on the input hex source id . spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether the map contains the specified key . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a sqlfeaturenotsupportedexception or a spec exception according to the jdbc version in use . spec asserts 
returns an integer hash code for the receiver . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
checks if the file indicated by the given system id has already been included in the current stack 
set the path to a typeface in assets to be used by default for headers spec asserts 
sets the data attribute on the last started tag that has not been closed . spec spec 
asserts ab ob die asserts des asserts eines tag mit einem spec transformer asserts werden asserts . 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
pastes the text from the system clipboard into the text starting at the specified index . asserts 
replace the content of this buffer with utf encoded bytes that would represent the provided text . 
create a send a new udp packet to the sut . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
call this method to run immediate system backup asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
terminates current process with status message . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if inside leaf nodes have been found on the plus side . spec spec spec spec 
prints the character buffer to the stream . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test to validate fix for act boundary event and event based spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if bit is set . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct an empty asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if an array of objects is empty or null . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
handle direction release actions . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
offset in uncompressed block of current read pointer asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a rule to the grammar . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
uploads an attachment to a selected parent page . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether the given node and the other object match . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
provide a loaded bitmap for display . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs an encodingexception with no detail message . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this policy has attempts remaining false otherwise . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the two specified arrays of ints are equal to one another . spec spec 
return a random unit length vector . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
build an instance from an unscaled biginteger . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
construct and initialized a vector to asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether a asserts host service app is present in the system . spec spec spec asserts 
adds window to the list of components that need to be repainted . spec spec spec asserts 
test of spec method of class version . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cause autoscroll to occur asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
returns the x view of a given x value in world coordinates . spec spec spec asserts 
checks whether the usage statistics should be transmitted on studio shutdown . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the number of files currently being used to store the values in this cache . asserts 
updates the asserts estimators asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts displays all combinations of picking two numbers from the array spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a bottom sheet with the arguments which have been supplied to the builder . spec spec 
stops the yarncontainermanager and all its sub components . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
refills the input buffer . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the list of keys . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if this shared reference is valid i . e . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a shallow copy of this arraylist instance . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
rotate the image by the specified degrees around a pivot point . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the transaction start time . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new tokenizer . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a new uninitialized instance of this object s class . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes all elements specified in the parameter collection from the current set . spec spec spec asserts 
sums the remaining chars in the char buffer . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
send a block of session to sender asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string representation of this matrix . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
has the field changed over time ? asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
make a block from the payload . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
change tps to number of milliseconds per tick tps . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns this period divided by a scalar asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if point is outside surface . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
update static data from xml file asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
executes a statement and returns the update count . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
if the signal mast driver requires the previous state to be cleared down before the next state is 
returns the number of different nominal values . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
record the time at which the activity started . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
open the input stream asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns the current lexical state . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if field old string is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise asserts 
splits given string asserts to given delimiter . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a asserts from a list of distributionpoint the criticality is set to false . spec asserts 
makes the object immutable asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
you have failed to catch . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds or optionally overwrites an archive entry asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cancel a matching target with optional data asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds the given attribute to the set of collected attributes but only if there is a currently open 
searches the specified collection for the minimum element . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get the optional long value associated with an index . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
returns a clone of this needle . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method will be called when a list item is clicked spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
build a complete tree with n nodes . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs the test case . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether this role can send management messages to the address . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
main entry point for the launcher . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
text of the topic . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set a property whose value is a float . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
avoids asserts scrolling effect by ensuring that list elements made of a text view fit on a single 
writes tag and class info index in element value . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
rasterize the boxes by sampling the traced photon maps and present the final image on the screen viewport 
adds a bookmark to the list of active bookmarks . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
draw a rectangle of given half width and half height centered on x y . spec asserts 
returns the adapter position of the first visible view . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a new spider scan result . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
read a hashmap from a parcel class of key and value can parcelable both spec spec asserts 
finagle name asserts to access proxy services . asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
compute cholesky decomposition of a asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new authinfo . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the security profile with the specified name . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks correctness of existing db schema . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
translate a mime standard character set name into the java equivalent . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
allow switching to another memory location . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates the provided list of asserts with the task entries found in a server . spec spec 
returns true if this is a spdy connection . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialise a asserts cipher . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a return object from a plugin tool to the main whitebox user interface . 
disables the highlight line to be drawn in dashed mode . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
delete the directory recursively . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks repeated int field equality null value and length fields are considered equal . spec spec asserts 
populate the dialog . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
normalizes the vector i . e . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
safely convert the string to uppercase . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the query is null or it s a properly formatted query string . spec 
used to communicate feedback pop up messages between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
tells if this is a reverse axes . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculate point values for each item levels and each max feed count asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes an object from the set . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts must be called after all allocations have been made the last one being the allocation for the 
creates locally specified list of files and uploads them to the test s bucket . spec spec 
is this time interval before the specified instant . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new pair instance of two nulls . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
generate viewtype by component asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
decode the offset from the position . asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this returns an iterator that iterates over the matches in insertion order . spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a fast non dominated sorting operator using pareto dominance . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return a hash code for this asserts . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates whether a given directory type has been created in this metadata repository . spec spec spec 
returns whether table correlation names table alias are restricted to be different than table names . asserts 
converts an array of phone symbol strings into a single phone string . spec spec spec asserts 
converts the group element to an encoded point on the curve . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method adds all the asserts associated with the polygon nodes and adds them to the offset grabpoint 
invoked when the component has been made invisible . spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove the launch configuration . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
store the current position of the window . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if field hostname is set has been assigned a value and false otherwise spec asserts 
returns a constant set sorted using the specified order and holding the specified elements . spec asserts 
encode message using base encoding asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
searches in this vector for the index of the specified object . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
allows for smoother animations . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
creates a new empty map with a default initial capacity load factor . and concurrencylevel . spec 
rebound the request parameters to response asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
constructs a new exception with the specified detail message . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
increments the current interval by multiplying it with the multiplier . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
gets the instance class being allocated by this node . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
copies a bit map into the extra unusualmap . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests if the specified object is a key in this hashtable . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a reference to a type parameter bound of a generic class or method . spec asserts 
creates a new instance that uses the source bean as source for any event . spec spec 
this will create a completely empty result set configuration asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
adds the certificate to the asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prepare e . g . get parameters . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the operation to perform when this action is triggered . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sql order by asc spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
load the text buffer with the given range of text . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
method for beancontextchild interface . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts instruction . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
load a collection from the datastore . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts determine if an object is an instance of the class . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes a changelistener from the panel asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
get the duration for an airing accounting for any adjustments made due to manual recording stop start time 
returns a new configuration request builder . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
executes a get request to given url with given parameters . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
allows setting the server uri from another bundle actually it is the spec driver which does that . 
retrieves the hash code for this ldap url . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
asserts adds two matrices and returns the result asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
refills the input buffer . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates the dfa of the parser consisting of states and edges for shift and goto connecting them . 
pad or trim the tostring value of the given object . spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
return a file object representing the pathname to our persistence file if any . spec spec spec 
instantiates a new of match reconcile object . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns string from double formatted to decimalformat . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
notify the swiperefreshlayout that a refresh action has completed . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called by the system to detach . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the foos before and after the current foo in the ordered set where field . spec 
check connection of the provided replication domain to the provided replication server . spec spec spec asserts 
checks if the given class is realizing the httpservletresponse interface directly or indirectly . spec spec spec 
returns the maximum hot size as a function of the maximum size . spec spec spec asserts 
is the item asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
get whether or not token expires . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
consumes any white space characters space tab line feed newline and comments style from reader . asserts 
constructs a new color with all components set to . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a string representation of this level . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
replace the given node with a new instance of the given replacement type . spec spec spec 
starting gravity of fps meter default is gravity . top gravity . start spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a primitive type . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
start a chat session with the selected instance and the user . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set the text body for this email intent . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
searches through the goal stack calling the final transition function on each node and then returning the best 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
open the attribute index . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the renderer with a standard color asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a asserts that will notify the given listener when the language changes . spec spec spec 
returns a map of hash providers supporting at least a stateful implementation of a hash function with the 
comprobar si hay un error si lo hay asserts una excepcion xxx la excepcion spec ser una clase 
convenience method to launch a custom tabs activity . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
paints the background of a menu bar . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
updates the particle s ttl asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns subjectdecision of entitlementsubject evaluation . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
test move and rename in case destination doesn t exist and the path being renamed is a file 
create a clob in a temporary file . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
starts the finalizer thread . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
internal initialize a asserts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
publish to the global queue incoming events . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create drawable from existing nine patch setting initial target density based on the display metrics of the resources 
creates a new composite change with the given name . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
go to a new variation in the game tree . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
ceil function in original algorithm asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
forwards the message from the celleditor to the delegate . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
queries whether the current account scheme is valid . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calls a method on the underlying javascript object that returns a string . spec spec spec spec 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
can have multiple of the same unit to show multiple hits to that unit . spec spec 
adds to hash the given int . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this simply modifies the value with all the parameter values spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates whether or not the threshold value is being used for fitness calculations . spec spec asserts 
creates the default cumulative probability distribution test input values asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
set name of timer . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compares this group to the specified object . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
initiate the settings for specific sound detection asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
fills in list of uris with all available uris and encodes them if encoding is enabled . 
asserts that the given boolean is true . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
disable pause or seek buttons if the stream cannot be paused or seeked . spec spec asserts 
thrown when some problem occurs . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
transforms the given dataset using the given equation . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove information associated with this renderer from the cache if any . spec spec spec spec spec 
notify listeners to allow user input asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a asserts object from a node asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates the attachment part . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a listener to roster exchanges . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the length of the bytecode sequence . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
starts the given timer . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
detects a jsr instruction and sets a flag to indicate we will need to do inlining . 
for support of literal objects in xpaths . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the http status message or null if it is unknown . spec spec spec spec spec 
sets the full set of request interceptors for the builder overwriting any previous interceptors . spec asserts 
generates a list of documents to give back to individual students based on a composite asserts summary document 
subscribe to a topic which may include wildcards . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
example open x path test . txt flags xff asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance containing the calculated one time hash of the given bytes . spec spec 
toggle the expanded state of the row at the given index . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if the asserts should show a description . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
encodes a byte array into base notation . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invoke asserts proxy detection if configured . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
density function of normal distribution . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
register a listener for test parent entry and return the actual registered listener . spec spec spec 
remove a pre loaded icon from the persistent icon cache . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convenience method to construct the minimal interval containing the two given points . spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a preconfigured instance of this class . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
start the item editor activity asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
used to communicate a progress update between a plugin tool and the main whitebox user interface . 
verify that the default data set aka kb is described . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create object using opensaml s builder system . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize the value of dictionary chunk that can be kept in memory at a time spec asserts 
equivalent to assert o null asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
draw the progress spinner asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
this method is used only when the record is built . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this function inserts html line break at the interval of asserts value in string str spec asserts 
tests the case insensitive sorting on all attributes . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
causes the sagetv application to terminate . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a new texparser in the context of an array . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
wrapper add entry to the map . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if the given usergroup overlapping with the object or not . spec spec spec spec spec 
the address of the ith stack asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
shows a confirmation dialog asking the user if they really want to perform the action . spec 
helper method for printing out arrays . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the number of doubles that can currently be read from this double data source without blocking . 
create a new sns predicate for use with the supplied secret and challenge . spec spec asserts 
is logging level info logged asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
takes a firewall rule string in json format and parses it into our firewall rule data structure then 
reconstitute the concurrenthashmap instance from a stream i . e . deserialize it . spec spec asserts 
initializes the xml rpc communication . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds double d other to current double d using vector addition spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
sets the current pose to the previously set default pose spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the storage contains any custom properties false otherwise . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
provides serialization support . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
writes regions out to bed note this method closes the writer that is wrapped around the stream 
starts the analysis of the last iteration without using the main method of this class spec asserts 
constructs an abstractmethoderror with the specified detail message . asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
is the command currently applicable ? asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
abort following a fatal error . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds an ip address to the dhcppool if the address is not already present . spec asserts 
generates the instruction to invoke an interface method . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
optional used to dry run database queries . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an asn inputstream where no der object will be longer than limit and constructed objects such as 
creates a new board of the specified dimensions and specified hex data . spec spec spec asserts 
round a number of bits per value to the next amount of bits per value that is supported 
test deployer creation for installed containers . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a spliterator using the given iterator for a source of unknown size reporting the given characteristics . 
legacy security code do not use . spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates new exception with given throwable as a nested cause and source of error message . spec 
util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
captures page snapshot . spec asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calls asserts on the redis store . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks that the given substring is a valid java identifier . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
all promises must complete . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resets the ui property to a value from the current look and feel . spec spec asserts 
returns if this selector must match crls with the delta crl indicator extension set . spec spec 
asserts el procedimiento asserts asociado a la serie asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
describes a range of keys between lo and hi . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a uri with the given query removing an previous query value from the given uri . 
converts a given property list file into the os x and ios xml format . spec spec 
returns the commands of file which include the other file . spec spec spec spec spec spec 
you recovered num hp because skillcaster used skillname on you . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
prints the thread dump information with locks info to system . out . spec spec spec asserts 
shows the next match . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds to the value of this field in a copy of this monthday wrapping within this field if 
tests whether an image uses the standard rgb color space . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
metodo que asserts un registro asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a ber decoder that reads bytes from the specified buffer . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this is used to recover the object references from the document using the special attributes specified . 
gives notification that something was removed from the document in a location that this view is responsible for 
returns the associated key type . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
subclasses that want to handle changeevents differently can override this to return another changelistener implementation . asserts 
tests whether a specified list size is asserts to . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
process and forward the get request to our requesthandler asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a module to the address space . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convenience method to seek to a location in the data file . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes all the components from this library object . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clears the request body . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
br node doesn t allow any children . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find the fields constant that matches fieldid or null if its not found . spec spec asserts 
validate a token . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
transform a number into an integer spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
computes a new doubledouble whose value is this y . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
evaluate the floor of a single parameter . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called after this viewmodel instance was destroyed and removed from cache this is a place to do any 
returns a copy of the numerator polynomial . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
decode the integer value type for wsp pdu asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
draw a filled rectangle of given half width and half height centered on x y . asserts 
paint component with gradient . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
executes the jimplify operation for a static invocation asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
add a required property of type object . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an text representation of a asserts suitable for debugging . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
gets the maxage setting . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
print a boolean to standard output and then terminate the line . asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
hash code for the core separated so we keep non overridden version . spec spec spec asserts 
asserts to hystrixcommand . setter asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an ntuserprincipal with a windows nt username . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
perform a failover on a cg copy asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds configured variables to the variable service . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets a synthetic error handler . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called by native code on a spec signal from org . bluez . device . spec spec 
converts bytes of buffer to milliseconds . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds all the values in the given vector to the end of this vector expanding its capacity as 
constructs a zdiagmat and initializes it to the principal diagonal of a zmat . spec spec asserts 
variable in delete data s data . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
like py . list but returns an immutable sequence . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if filled drawing is enabled false if not spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initializes the helper with the given maximum number of rows less than means unlimited . spec spec 
create a new instance of asserts . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
insert redundant casts . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this operation is not supported by this cipher . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the position of the given absolute rank within the virtual or non virtual internal dimensional array . 
applies the animation to the image view present in asserts . spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
checks whether the scheme says it can handle instance weights . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
computes the variance for a numeric attribute . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
clears the buffer . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
tests that a follower rejects a vote request with a lesser term . spec spec spec spec 
general information for the player related to the quest . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
you are now in state because you ve killed too many lower level targets in the spec territory 
parses the the given url or filename . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
send a cluster message to one member asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a new asserts using operator o applied on v and v values . spec spec asserts 
indicates if the zoom control will work while the mouse is over a visualitem . spec asserts 
revert this tuple s value for the given field to the default value for the field . 
determines whether or not the specified line is allowed by the filter . spec spec spec asserts 
compresses the content of the local storage data folder to the file . spec spec spec asserts 
add a chemical asserts chamber recipe . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs and throws a wrongnumberargexception with the appropriate message for this function object . spec spec asserts 
returns a hash code for this instance . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
zooms in on the current range . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method resets the outgoing events . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns whether it has the office location . spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
releases a connection back to the pool . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convert a query or subquery into a query plan pipeline . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this method returns whether the services started above have come up . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds a task to the frame task queue . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
should the node process be returned . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
writes a complete data frame . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
returns whether it has the http response code . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
reset the candidate parser settings making each parser equally likely . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a geo point element with child geo lat and geo long elements based on the parameters passed 
n class retrieve the internal symbol table entry for the symbol n class spec spec spec spec 
creates a new asserts . asserts spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
indicates whether the specified character is a letter . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
begins the select object action by supplying the selected object . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates command to transfer child column to after column in another table asserts spec spec spec asserts 
interrupts the current utterance and discards other utterances in the queue . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
initialize this geo with to represent coordinates . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
this tells us about completions that the editor has determined based on the current text in it . 
checks the task for complete . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
key protocol identifiers . spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create a deep copy of the ast subtree at this node . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes all edges connecting node a to node b . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
update the contour line according to the current terrain geometry . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a cipheroutputstream from an outputstream and a bufferedblockcipher . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
assign every symbol a unique integer index . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parse a sql code snippet that represents an expression . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a timsort instance to maintain the state of an ongoing sort . spec spec spec asserts 
processes this message . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
check if the connection is fast asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find the fields constant that matches fieldid throwing an exception if it is not found . asserts 
creates an asserts using a asserts . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
append a single character to this writer . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a bad inv order asserts inv order with the specified minor code and completion status . 
this method is called when a patch operation is performed on the current service instance . spec 
inserts the part of the specified list between asserts inclusive and spec inclusive before the specified position into 
adds the specified element to the receiver . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns list of pairs of images with common features asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compile a java source file in memory . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
make the badge visible in the ui . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
close the active keystore . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
obtiene el contenido en bytes de un documento de la carpeta especificada . spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if a string is successfully written to a file . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sends mail by local account . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
show the feed of user annotations . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this sample contains data from analog inputs or supply spec how does supply spec get 
creates a new instance of spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
make a heart beat expand animation . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an array containing all elements contained in this vector . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes the given keys from the shared preferences asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an iterator for the events comprising the gesture . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
instances should not be constructed in standard programming . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
when the handler is connected to a replication server specifies the replication server has remote ldap servers connected 
creates a new asserts datatype . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
put or replace a boolean value in the jsonarray . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the number of bits set to true in this bitset . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the given node represents a vertical linear layout . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
flash the backlight of the device for the given length of time asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the minimum and maximum values for the dataset s range assuming that the series are stacked using 
tests whether item is contained by range asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
validate the given method name for the given source and compliance levels . spec spec spec asserts 
creates the underlying database table . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
push a tree changed event into the event stack . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
compile a template . spec asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
do a double set add the alternate name to the current gisfeature and set this gisfeature as the 
the format of this native guid is computesystem ipaddress port spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
load a file with the given name . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
draws an ellipse inscribed within the rectangle x y x y . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
expands the buffer to support the expected number of remaining bytes at the specified index . asserts 
returns a copy of the template . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the class object associated with the class with the given string name . spec spec spec 
called when an item of options menu is clicked spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
compares the specified string to this string using the unicode values of the characters ignoring case differences . 
clears the memory cache . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
util method to write an attribute without the ns prefix spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
runs this test from the command line . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
paint a representation of the value into a given area of screen real estate . spec spec 
spaces have been added to your personal warehouse . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a specctra session file to update the host system from the spec spec spec spec asserts 
opens a data raster asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
constructs an activity required exception with the specified message . spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
add a vetoablechangelistener to the listener list . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
adds semantic checks to the default deserialization method . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this handler function is executed when aws lambda passes the event and context objects . spec asserts 
writes the xcal document to a file . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
takes away the player s uniform if the he is asserts it . spec spec spec spec 
compute log beta a b asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove snapshots which are in a consistency group spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
instantiates a new parallel task . spec asserts spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
implements the abstract method simulatemethod . spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
checks if both collections have equal elements in the same order . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
are debug messages currently enabled ? asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts asserts asserts spec asserts 
this will make a new integermap . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
roboto asserts font face asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
checks whether the given file exists . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write a number of bytes without encrypting . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
delete a certain user by its id asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove specified file or directory . spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns an immutable snapshot of the current statistics . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec spec 
fills d matrix with random numbers . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes text label for the specified y axis value . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new exception with the provided message and underlying cause . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
use by spring security to get events from asserts . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
removes a previously added footer view . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
linear interpolation of double . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the largest h such that h phi asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new network response . spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns a hash code value for this type . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new asserts containing no mappings that will not require any additional memory allocation to store the 
returns the coordinates and type of the current path segment in the iteration . spec spec asserts 
returns the number of elements in the underlying array asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
the stream is readable . asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return substring starting with the line specified by startline based . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this state contains an item with the given production position and lookahead symbol . 
delete the specified cluster . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
create an instance of asserts asserts spec asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
opens a spatial index file for the given shp file . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
this is fired when the menu bar contract details is pressed from the action menu . spec 
make the exception to occur in your class for debug and index . spec spec spec asserts 
inject the new values and save to the config file when the config has been changed from the 
constructs a runtime in asserts attribute . asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
controls the shard routing of the request . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
copies bytes from the url source to a file destination . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
find all suspension records for a given user . spec spec spec spec spec spec spec asserts 
test a null string value doesn t abort the entire segment spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
does something with the first character in the specified string . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
deletes one track . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns the tip text for this property asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
called after a test is executed . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
fetching own random pre key asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
sets if the generated query should use doc values . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
create linearring for exterior interior polygon elem info asserts . spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
does the object represent case sensitive comparison . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a new instance of this class . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
resets this acl to the values contained in the configuration file . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
does an unordered comparison of the elements of two lists of queries starting at the specified start index 
reconstruct an event object from a string . spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
creates a abstractquerybuilder instance that can be used to build api request with various parameters spec asserts 
load asserts into an existing path . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
optional sets the inline keyboard attached to this message to the inlinereplymarkup provided spec asserts spec asserts 
reports an error that occured while scanning . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
creates a new instance . asserts spec spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
parse and load the given filter file . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
check if etc texture compression is supported by the active opengl es context . spec spec asserts 
loads a file from the jar archive into the text area spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
remove this window from e . g . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
write an embedded message field including tag to the stream . spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if the specified word shaper doesn t use known lower case words even if a list 
flushes a asserts array . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
cancel the current event . asserts asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
takes lists of asserts assumes the lists are ordered left to right and the pairs are ordered left 
create a xmlstringdefault object from a string asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
invokes the contains method on each ui handled by this object . asserts spec spec spec asserts 
accumulates another byte value by or . spec spec asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
displays the nodes in a breadth first traversal asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec asserts spec asserts 
synopsis read file lines to arraylist asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
constructs a new domaccessexception with no detail message . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
return a string that describes any xid instance . asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
convenience method returning the declared type of the right hand side or null . spec spec spec 
returns our current encode mode . asserts asserts asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
returns true if this basic block and the given one belong to a common subroutine . asserts 
initializes the timer for sending refresh notifications . asserts asserts spec spec asserts spec spec spec asserts 
calculates the falling 